ID,Query,Job.Title,Description
1,Data Scientist,Junior Data Scientist Apprenticeship,"Job Description As a Junior Data Scientist at IBM, you will work as part of a team to solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques. You will apply the scientific method to business scenarios, clean and prepare data for statistical and machine learning modeling, work with a variety of analytical algorithms to build models that better explain data relationships and predict potential scenarios, translate data insights into business value, and communicate results to difference audiences. You will also master different technologies for model deployment. Throughout your apprenticeship, you’ll work closely with other experienced data scientists and mentors in an interactive, collaborative environment. You’ll learn the fundamentals of probability, statistics, linear algebra, data preparation, data modeling, and deployment of machine learning models. In addition, you will be introduced to additional concepts, skills and tools including Python, Hadoop, and Spark, presentation skills, communication skills, and you will apply these skills to prepare for and successfully obtain data science experience that may lead to certification as a Junior Data Scientist. IBM Certification as a Junior Data Scientist provides the credentials and career milestone that is earned through demonstrated usage of Data Science tools and methodology through case studies, business references and technical references. Our apprenticeship program will give you the opportunity to build your skills to grow your career as a Junior Data Scientist. What is an Apprenticeship? IBM Apprenticeship Program is an official registered apprenticeship recognized by the Department of Labor (DOL). Every graduate of a Registered Apprenticeship program receives a nationally-recognized credential from the DOL. During the apprenticeship duration, you will be required to complete specific learning hours and on the job training that has been outlined to ensure you are developing the skills and competencies essential to the role. You will be able to learn and grow at your own pace, but we expect most apprentices will complete their learning within 24 months. Once you graduate and receive your certificate from our apprentice program, you will be eligible to apply to available full-time roles at IBM. Who you are An apprenticeship is about learning. We’re seeking candidates who have the following requirements, but we know you’re just getting your career started, and we’re committed to helping you learn and grow. If you are a highly curious individual, with a passion for learning, and a love of mathematics and data, you’re exactly the type of candidate we’re looking for. Data scientists are inquisitive: exploring, asking questions, doing what if analysis, questioning existing assumptions and processes. They are analytically-minded, statistically and mathematically driven. To be successful, you need: Drive and eagerness to learn Strong problem solving, critical thinking, organization, and communication skills Ability to work independently and take initiative, as well as work collaboratively and contribute in a team environment as data science is a team sport Ability to think analytically in solving problems What’s the experience? As an apprentice, you'll join with other apprentices in a local cohort. You'll go through the program together, learning about IBM and the skills you'll be attaining throughout your apprenticeship. Then, you'll work with your managers and mentors to progress through your personal skills roadmap, learning and demonstrating new knowledge and competencies through hands-on application with your project teams. You'll complete milestones along the way, earning digital credentials to validate your skills, and will come back together with other apprentices to participate in on-going training and development focused on your professional and technical skills. Best of all, you are a contributing member of your team, putting forward ideas, taking on responsibilities and making choices about how you get the job done just like any other IBMer. ncappx TRAVEL OF 25% IS REQUIRED Required Technical and Professional Expertise Requirements: Willingness to complete the requirements of the apprenticeship program High School Diploma or GED Curiosity, Passion for learning, Love for math, data, and analysis Some knowledge or experience in ONE or more of the following: Java, JavaScript, PHP, C, Objective-C, C/C++, Python, Ruby and/or functional languages (Haskell, Scala, F, Clojure) Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Preferred: An undergraduate degree is not required, but students who have taken high school advanced math, and statistics classes are preferred Python Programming knowledge EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."
3,Data Scientist, Junior Data Scientist,"The Team: The Data science team is a newly formed applied research team within S&P; Global Ratings that will be responsible for building and executing a bold vision around using Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Data Science, knowledge engineering, and human computer interfaces for augmenting various business processes. The Impact: This role will have a significant impact on the success of our data science projects ranging from choosing which projects should be undertaken, to delivering highest quality solution, ultimately enabling our business processes and products with AI and Data Science solutions. What’s in it for you: This is a high visibility team with an opportunity to make a very meaningful impact on the future direction of the company. You will work with senior leaders in the organization to help define, build, and transform our business. You will work closely with other senior scientists to create state of the art Augmented Intelligence, Data Science and Machine Learning solutions. Responsibilities: As a Junior Data Scientist you will be responsible for building AI and Data Science models. You will need to rapidly prototype various algorithmic implementations and test their efficacy using appropriate experimental design and hypothesis validation. Basic Qualifications: BS in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, or related field. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with Financial data sets, or S&P;’s credit ratings process is highly preferred. Knowledge and working experience in one or more of the following areas: Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Question Answering, Text Mining, Information Retrieval, Distributional Semantics, Data Science, Knowledge Engineering To all recruitment agencies: S&P; Global does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward such resumes to any S&P; Global employee, office location or website. S&P; Global will not be responsible for any fees related to such resumes. S&P; Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdfdescribes discrimination protections under federal law."
4,Data Scientist,Jr Data Scientist,"We now have a need for junior Data Scientist(s) in the NY area (or remote). The successful candidate will join a team who is responsible for maintaining the competitiveness of our client's predictive models. As well as contributing to the R&D agenda, the role will involve working closely with a variety of internal stakeholders, ensuring the alignment of priorities and maximising the usage of our insights. Skills & Experience required Exceptional numerical ability and creative thinker/problem solver. Experience using some of the major data science tools e.g. Python (preferable), and/or R Organized, autonomous, and a drive / commitment Excellent interpersonal skills: the candidate would be expected to work across and between existing teams. Strong communication and presentation skills, including the ability to translate analyses to non-technical audiences. Desirable Skills Proficiency in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques e.g. k-means, decision trees, neural networks, ensemble learning, etc. Good working knowledge of PostgreSQL and understanding of data modelling and relational databases. Experience of machine learning libraries e.g. scikit-learn, Tensor Flow. Experience in feature engineering and designing robust model tuning approaches."
10,Data Scientist, Junior Data Scientist,"Job Description: Junior Data Scientist, Membership Analytics Job Description: We are looking for a junior data scientist to join The Wall Street Journal’s membership analytics team. The Wall Street Journal’s mission is to present factual, fair information that offers both nuance and balance to readers—we believe markets, economics, and business are the forces that animate our world, the jobs we have, and the products we buy. Our membership analytics team is committed to supporting great business journalism through the improvement of our products and the growth of our subscription business. We obsess over building best-in-class data products, that bring applied research methods to all stages of the customer lifecycle. This includes developing innovative modeling approaches to inform product decisions and member engagement strategies. This role will require exceptional visualization and data wrangling skills—as well as an obsession with great news products. Some background in machine learning applications, big data architecture, and ecommerce analytics is a plus. You will assist in the management and execution of large scale data projects and support daily reporting on both our business and our journalism. What you’ll do: Source and query data required for both ongoing business intelligence efforts and larger scale data science projects. Draw meaningful insights from large datasets—find creative ways those insights can be used to both sell subscriptions and make the experience of reading The Wall Street Journal better. Assist in the management of long-term data projects. Effectively communicate with business, product, and newsroom stakeholders, identifying requirements and developing success metrics for the development and deployment of machine learning applications. Use visualization tools to present complex data in a simple, engaging manner. Identify opportunities for new data projects. Ask smart questions, diagnose the real problem, and develop a long-term solution. Requirements: You have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, mathematics, statistics, or a related quantitative discipline. Applicants with some data-related expertise and a professional background in media are also encouraged to apply. 1-2 years professional experience at a media company is preferred. An enthusiasm for The Wall Street Journal and an understanding of the product is a must. You have an entrepreneurial attitude toward work and sweat the details. You have experience using analytics tools (SQL, Tableau, Excel) and an interest in more advanced topics in analytics (machine learning, artificial intelligence). Coding skills (i.e. R, Python) and experience in building web applications is a plus. Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation"" in the subject line. Business Area: WSJ - CUSTOMER GROUP About Us Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com Job _Req_ 12873"
103,Data Scientist,"Data Scientist, Junior","Data Scientist, Junior The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by machine learning, artificial intelligence advances, and IoT? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve DoD and federal agencies. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning to turn disparate data points into objective answers, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help our nation’s services and leaders make data- driven decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the DoD and federal agencies. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of data science and machine intelligence and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data scientist. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, Splunk, and other open source and emerging tools a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government. You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in- house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. You Have: Experience with data science and analytics Experience with analyzing large data sets Experience with programming and scripting languages, including Python Ability to communicate results to technical and non-technical audiences effectively Ability to carry out complex projects in data science and analytics with minimal supervision Ability to be highly motivated for learning Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Experience with designing and implementing custom machine learning algorithms Experience with graph algorithms and semantic Web Experience with designing and setting up relational databases Experience with Big Data computing environments, including Hadoop Experience with Navy mission systems MA degree in Mathematics, CS, or a related quantitative field Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status—to fearlessly drive change. SIG2017"
106,Data Scientist,Data Analyst / Jr. Data Scientist,"_About the Role..._ Logic2020 is looking to secure a Data Analyst for a pilot program with a client of ours. The program involves using true machine learning to improve customer care process, at the enterprise level. You will be part of the team proving the value of machine learning in order to bring artificial intelligence into customer care and ultimately, change the way customers are served. _About You..._ This is ideal for someone who has recently moved into the data science space and understands some of the basics. Someone who is excited to learn more and grow as an individual, within a team of experts. You are personable and highly communicative. You will need to be very hands-on. You have Python or R, however, this is not required. You are proficient at assessing business requirements, modeling, and gaining an understanding of business metrics You are comfortable communicating technical issues to non-technical users You are excellent at communicating over written, verbal, organizational, and presentational channels You excel at being flexible and juggling multiple projects in a fast-paced environment You are comfortable working under pressure independently handling multiple projects and deadlines Qualifications 3+ years of experience working with SQL queries and accessing data 2+ years of consulting experience, preferably at a ""Big 4"" or similar firm Demonstrated expertise in business analysis and data analysis Experience writing requirements and specifications for IT systems An undergraduate degree in technology or business Come be part of the future: _About Us…_ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past three years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For”. Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity. Compensation & Benefits We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way."
121,Data Scientist, Junior Data Scientist,"Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description: Job Family Summary Data Science incorporates techniques across many disciplines – including mathematics/statistics, computer programming, data engineering and ETL, software development, and high performance computing – with traditional business expertise with the goal of extracting meaning from data to optimize future business decisions. Individuals in this field should be an expert/fluent in several of these disciplines and sufficiently proficient in others to effectively design, build, and deliver end to end predictive analytics products to optimize future decisions. Individual should demonstrate sufficient analytic agility to quickly develop new skills across these disciplines as those disciplines evolve. This position resides within the D3: Data, Discovery & Decision Science department. D3 leverages data & analytics to help the enterprise understand the best course of action to deliver on our corporate priorities, improve our business processes to gain operational efficiency and better equip our agencies and employees with the tools and insights necessary to better serve our customers and live into our customer value proposition. The Data Scientist family is accountable for using data to make decisions, which includes building predictive models and developing new machine learning techniques that enable Allstate to make better decisions to achieve its goals. The Data Scientist Family requires Analytic Agility, the ability to quickly learn new modeling/machine learning techniques, programming languages, and see how these ideas can integrate to optimize the business. Job Summary _The Junior Data Scientist position is an entry level role with a start date in Summer 2018._ This role is responsible for leading the use of data to make decisions. This includes: The development and execution of new machine learning predictive modeling algorithms, the coding\development of tools that use machine learning/predictive modeling to make business decisions, searching for and integrating new data (both internal and external) that improves our modeling and machine learning results (and ultimately our decisions), and discovery of solutions to business problems that can be solved through the use of machine learning/predictive modeling. This role will also begin to manage projects of small to medium complexity. Key Responsibilities: Uses best practices, with limited coaching, to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs Utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down basic and occasionally moderately complex projects into tasks and ensure deadlines are kept Uses and learns a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results (e.g., R, SAS, Python, Hadoop) Collaborates with the team in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions through the use of data and machine learning/predictive modeling Innovates on projects by using new modeling techniques or tools Contributes on a wide variety of projects Executes on modeling/machine learning projects effectively Communicates findings to team and leadership ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes Works with leaders to ensure the project will meet their needs Maximizes personal professional development to ensure continuation of a personal contribution to the team and Allstate Reviews and evaluates on appropriateness of techniques, given current modeling practices, to senior leadership Qualifications: _Target Start Date: Summer 2018_ Currently pursuing and will be completing a Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, physics, finance or economics. Master’s or PhD is preferred. Experience in using statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models that have driven company decision making preferred Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets Experience in working with statistical software such as SAS, SPSS, MatLab, R, CART, etc. preferred Ability to code and develop prototypes in languages such as Python, Perl, Java, C preferred Knowledge of advanced modeling technique preferred Demonstrated analytic agility Ability to analyze and interpret moderate to complex concepts Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise _This position is posted in multiple office locations. Please_ _ONLY_ _apply to the location you are most interested in._ The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click ""here"" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click ""here"" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era."
127,Data Scientist,Business Data Analyst/ Junior Data Scientist,"Requisition Id : 111705 Additional Work Location(s) : Harman International is expanding its engineering team in Munich, Germany to create the next generation in automotive driver automation. We are developing Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), Highly Autonomous Driving (HAD), and Fully Autonomous Driving (FAD) systems. This position is based i n Munich, Germany – best technology hub in Europe developing cutting edge technologies, the Silicon Valley of Germany. As a Business Analyst/Junior Data Scientist, you will initially focus on collecting and analyzing data from autonomous car projects levels 1 and 2 and supporting the senior staff of data scientists and data architects. As responsibility increases over time, your role is expected to transition to a data scientist or data architect. Key Primary responsibilities Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats. Designs new computer programs by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Improves systems by studying current practices; designing modifications. Requirements Knowledge in Artificial Neural Networks and Computer Vision for solving problems associated with Autonomous Driving. Programming skills include Python, R, TensorFlow, KERAS, and OpenCV. Scala is a plus. Experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and advanced Predictive Modeling techniques. Statistical Model Development and deployment; Analytics (Predictive Analytics); Big Data; and High Performance Computing Bachelor/Master/PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related field HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and services supporting the Internet of Things. With leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson® and Revel®, HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and connected car systems. Our software services power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated and secure across all platforms, from work and home to car and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In March 2017, HARMAN became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with HARMAN! (www.harman.com)"
151,Data Scientist,Data Analyst / Jr. Data Scientist,"_About the Role..._ Logic2020 is looking to secure a Data Analyst for a pilot program with a client of ours. The program involves using true machine learning to improve customer care process, at the enterprise level. You will be part of the team proving the value of machine learning in order to bring artificial intelligence into customer care and ultimately, change the way customers are served. _About You..._ This is ideal for someone who has recently moved into the data science space and understands some of the basics. Someone who is excited to learn more and grow as an individual, within a team of experts. You are personable and highly communicative. You will need to be very hands-on. You have Python or R, however, this is not required. You are proficient at assessing business requirements, modeling, and gaining an understanding of business metrics You are comfortable communicating technical issues to non-technical users You are excellent at communicating over written, verbal, organizational, and presentational channels You excel at being flexible and juggling multiple projects in a fast-paced environment You are comfortable working under pressure independently handling multiple projects and deadlines Qualifications 3+ years of experience working with SQL queries and accessing data 2+ years of consulting experience, preferably at a ""Big 4"" or similar firm Demonstrated expertise in business analysis and data analysis Experience writing requirements and specifications for IT systems An undergraduate degree in technology or business Come be part of the future: _About Us…_ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past three years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For”. Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity. Compensation & Benefits We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way."
279,Data Scientist,Junior Data Scientist,"RDC is looking for a Junior Data Scientist to augment our existing team. Responsibilities would include using data science techniques to improve RDC’s world-class risk and compliance protection services. We assist our global network of clients in identifying banned/suspected persons and organizations. We work towards strengthening fraud protection, ensuring regulatory compliance, managing supply and distribution risk, and protecting the brand equity of our clients. We are looking for someone adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization. Candidates who have completed relevant coursework or an internship in data science are preferred. Experience using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations is all essential. The new hire will drive RDC's business results with their data-based insights and work with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. Our ideal candidate is someone comfortable working with other team members as well as independently. Responsibilities: Assist the senior data scientists to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions using machine Learning/NLP Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques Coordinate with different functional teams to design and deploy machine Learning/NLP models to production and maintain/monitor performance Train deep learning models with internal and external datasets Qualifications: 1 – 3 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models either in academia or industry BS, MS or Ph.D. in one of the following disciplines: Statistics/Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, or a closely related field Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (model selection and hypothesis testing, statistical inference etc.) and experience applying them to real-world problems Knowledge of machine learning techniques (e.g. supervised, unsupervised, neural networks, deep learning) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks Understanding of natural language processing, information retrieval, and data mining techniques Experience with databases and big data tools such as Hadoop/Spark, MSSQL, MongoDB etc. Experience with data visualization tools, such as Matplotlib/Seaborn, ggplot, D3.js, Tableau etc. Fluent in Python, Scala, or R to manipulate and draw insights from large data sets Programming experience using languages with object-oriented features such as Java, C/C++. Can write clean and well documented code. Has good technical writing and verbal communication skills. Unfortunately, at this time we are unable to offer H1-B sponsorship. RDC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer"
285,Data Scientist,Junior Data Scientist,"Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.The Payments, Virtual Solutions, and Innovation (PVSI) team includes Operations, Cards and Retail Services, Deposit Products Group, the Innovation Group, Treasury Management, Merchant Services, Payment Solutions, and Wells Fargo Virtual Channels and the professional services teams that partner with these businesses. PVSI's focus is on delivering the next generation of payments and deposit capabilities and advancing our digital and online offerings to design new customer experiences and products. Its guiding principles are to start with the customer, move faster, and partner effectively. The Cards & Retail Services team helps customers achieve their financial dreams by providing a variety of products across the credit spectrum. We deliver industry-leading rewards, offers and benefits that recognize and celebrate our customers' relationship with Wells Fargo. Our customers all have unique goals and dreams - whether preparing for a home improvement project, shopping for a new sofa or kitchen table or meeting healthcare and dental needs. Others just want a financial tool that allows them to make everyday purchases while earning rewards. Our team works together with groups across the company, including the bankers in our 6,200 banking stores, to provide financing in the form of general-purpose cards, co-branded cards and private- label and industry cards. Our team is 6,700 strong, working in communities across the nation, and focused on doing our very best to help our customers succeed financially.This is an exciting opportunity for an entry-level data scientist to join the digital card acquisitions team (Digital Incubator) that is responsible for developing and executing a bold and market-leading digital acquisition strategy for our rapidly growing credit card business. You will be exposed to techniques that will help you build innovative predictive tools and driving next generation analytics that would support our marketing strategy. We have a wealth of structured and unstructured data and state-of-the-art data platforms that you will fully leverage to significantly advance the state of analytics at Wells. You will work closely with other data scientists within the team as well key marketing, finance, infrastructure and analytical teams within the broader organization to provide high quality statistical models and data-driven analyses with insights leading to actionable recommendations. This role is focused on modeling and analytics, not reporting. Working with senior consultants or directly with partners, responsible for identifying and defining business requirements and translating business needs into moderately complex analyses and recommendations. Performs analysis of findings and trends using statistical and/or financial analysis, modeling, process documentation, profitability analysis, customer/demographic analysis, etc.; recommends solutions to increase revenue, reduce expense, maximize operational efficiency, quality, compliance, etc. Identifies business requirements and analytical needs; identifies and recommends potential data sources; compiles and mines data from multiple, cross business sources. Develops specific, customized reports, ad hoc analyses and/or data visualizations to make recommendations for alternatives. Ensures adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies. May provide guidance to less experienced specialists. May partner with technology and/or with other business groups. Required Qualifications 4+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both; or a BS/BA degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 2+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both A BS/BA degree or higher Desired Qualifications Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Knowledge and understanding of emerging data platforms and analytic tools Hadoop, Aster, and R Other Desired Qualifications 2+ years of experience with Analytical tools (ex: SAS, R, Python, SQL) Ability to write moderately complex code to gather data from a database Ability to gather, mine, and analyze data form multiple sources Familiar with machine learning, statistical and data mining techniques Ability to complete tasks in Data cleansing, formatting, preparation; creating the target variable for predictive modeling; create segmentation Enthusiastic about exploring and learning latest analytic/data trends is a must Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with demonstrated intellectual and analytical rigor Strong work ethics, team oriented, energetic and positive attitude, attention to detail Financial industry and digital marketing experience a plus Self-starter who is naturally curious and can jump in and research problems Interest in learning the latest trends in developing predictive models Master’s Degree preferred but not required Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation."
384,Data Scientist, Junior Data Scientist- MI and AI,"Ericsson Overview: Ericsson is world’s leading provider of communications technology and services. Our offerings include services, consulting, software and infrastructure within Information and Communications Technology. Using innovation to empower people, business and society, Ericsson is working towards the Networked Society: a world connected in real time that will open up opportunities to create freedom, transform society and drive solutions to some of our planet’s greatest challenges. We are truly a global company, operating across borders in over 180 countries, offering a diverse, performance-driven culture and an innovative and engaging environment. As an Ericsson employee, you will have freedom to think big and the support to turn ideas into achievements. Continuous learning and growth opportunities allow you to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to progress and reach your career goals. We invite you to join our team. Our Exciting Opportunity: It will be practically impossible for human brains to understand how to run and optimize next generation of wireless networks, i.e., 5G network with distributed edge compute, that will drive economic and social transformation for all aspects of society. Machine Learning (ML) and other Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies will be vital for us to handle this opportunity. We are setting up a Global AI Accelerator in the US, Sweden and India, with 300 experts, to fast-track our strategy execution. Machine Intelligence, the combination of Machine Learning and other Artificial Intelligence technologies is what Ericsson uses to drive thought leadership to automate and transform Ericsson offerings and operations. MI is also a key competence for to enable new and emerging business. This includes development of models, frameworks and infrastructure where we in our advancements push the technology frontiers. We engage in both academic and industry collaborations and drive the digitalization of Ericsson and the Industry by developing state of the art solutions that simplify and automate processes in our products and services and build new value through data insights. Ericsson is now looking for Junior Data Scientists to significantly expand its global team for AI acceleration. Do you have depth of understanding of Machine Learning and AI technologies? Do you want to apply and extend those skills to solve real complex problems with high societal impact; going beyond ML/AI for consumption and advertising? Then, you do want to join Ericsson’s global team of Data Scientists pushing the technology frontiers to automate, simplify and add new value through large and complex data. Role Summary: As a Junior Data Scientist, you will need to have good programming skills and strong understanding of data science and Machine Learning tools. You will use your knowledge and/or experience in Data Science methodologies apply them to solve challenging real-world problems as part of a highly dynamic and global team. You will work in a highly collaborative environment where you communicate and plan tasks and ideas. You will be working on high impact initiatives with other DS in Machine Intelligence to drive growth and economic profitability for Ericsson and its customers by accelerating current Ericsson offerings. Your contribution will also help to create new offerings in the areas of MI driven 4G and 5G network, distributed cloud, IoT and other emerging businesses. Your Roles and Responsibilities Conduct functional and technical analysis within Ericsson organization and strategic customers to understand MI-driven business needs and opportunities Contribute to rapid and iterative development of validated minimum viable solution addressing these needs. This includes working with petabytes of 4G/5G-networks, IoT and exogenous data, and proposing/selecting/testing predictive models, recommendation engines, anomaly detection systems, statistical model, deep learning, reinforcement learning and other machine learning systems Conduct studies and find creative usage of new and/or existing data sources. Work with Data Architects to leverage existing data models and build new ones, as needed. Collaborate with product development teams and partners in Ericsson Businesses to industrialize machine learning models and solutions as part of Ericsson offerings including providing source code, workflows and documents Work with new technologies and champion them in MI Communities within Ericsson. Assist MI Competence build-up in Ericsson Businesses and Customer Serving Units Help to develop new and apply/extend existing, concepts, methodologies, techniques for cross functional initiatives Engage with external ecosystem (academia, technology leaders, open source etc.) to develop the skills and technology portfolio for MI’s needs To be successful; one should have: BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, or related field 0-2 years of real world or research experience in data science. Statistics knowledge, e.g.: descriptive analysis and supervised and unsupervised analysis Experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra etc. Experience in model development and life-cycle-management in one or more industry/application domain Programming skills in various languages (C++, Scala, Java, R) with proficiency in Python and/or C++ Understanding of Machine Learning, e.g.: linear/logistics regression discriminant analysis, bagging, random forest, Bayesian model, SVM, neural networks, etc. Knowledge and skills in the use of current state of the art machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, H2O, Keras, TensorFlow and Spark, etc. Demonstrated ability to implement new algorithms and methodologies from leading open source initiatives and research papers addressing their functionalities, scalability and overall industrialization viability You may have: Certifying MI MOOCS, a plus Applications/Domain-knowledge in Telecommunication and/or IoT, a plus. Ability to build and nurture internal and external communities Experience with data visualization and dashboard creation is a plus Ability to work independently with high energy, enthusiasm and persistence Good communication skills in written and spoken English Experience in writing and presenting white papers, journal articles and technical blogs on the results Ability to work in a collaborative environment, i.e., working with complex multiple stakeholder business units, global customers, technology and other ecosystem partners in a multi-culture, global matrix organization with sensitivity and persistence LI-BF1 Tag: MANAHJ DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Santa Clara || ServEng"
432,Data Analyst, Junior Data Analyst,"Havas is looking for a Junior Data Analyst. The analyst will compile offline advertising data and import into Datorama’s reporting platform, and will act as a strategic consultant when it comes to analytics and usage of the platform. This role will strictly service Universal Music Group and it’s Record Labels. This is a unique opportunity for a dynamic professional who is open to assuming greater responsibilities and who is committed to continuous professional growth. The ideal candidate is organized, detail oriented and analytical; must be able to assemble and manipulate large quantities of data and draw meaningful conclusions. Responsibilities Identify and develop a strong understanding of UMG’s core objectives and challenges Set up UMG on Datorama’s platform, insure deliverable match requirements compile offline advertising data and import into Datorama’s reporting platform, and will act as a strategic consultant when it comes to analytics and usage of the platform. Support UMG on a day to day basis to help resolve system issues and answer questions Coordinate and deliver UMG deliverables Be the day-to-day point of contact for UMG Be proactive in presenting innovative and creative analyst relations plans and ideas for UMG Qualifications 1+ years experience in digital analytics, preferably in top tier media agency or Adtech vendor Familiarity with Datorma a big plus! Knowledgeable and adept with databases and data mapping Advertising Agency experience (preferred) Extensive experience using Excel (vlookups, pivot tables, chart visualizations, etc.) and SQL Strong technical and problem solving skills Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Time management skills with the ability to effectively manage and prioritize own workload Project management skills Understanding of the offline and online advertising industry / eco-system Technology related B.S. or B.A. degree"
463,Data Analyst, Junior Data Analyst,"This role is setting up customers in in their supply chain software system. Since they are a supply chain company this can be complex, since it involves relationship hierarchies and if-then statement development in thinking through how these relationships need to work. Must have flexibility of thinking and curiousity in creating tagging and data collection standards. We would be looking for someone young who we can train who has a background in data or CS. Role reports into the data and analysis manager."
505,Data Analyst,Junior Data Analyst,"We have a product that is changing how brands, agencies and networks measure and assess the impact of TV advertising campaigns. Our software uses proprietary audio and video analysis to monitor and extract TV commercials, movie trailers and other promotional content from TV. At the same time, our software analyzes consumer interactions with TV ads on the digital screen across search, video and social. Interactions are matched with specific ads and attributed back to airings on TV. Our platform collects and analyzes massive amounts of data in real-time. This is a rare opportunity to get equity in the early stages of a company with significant early traction and which is run by an experienced team. We are looking for someone that is highly motivated and knows how to get things done quickly and efficiently. We are seeking a talent who will share our obsession for data accuracy; someone with an insatiable appetite for learning new things and accomplishing challenging goals in a fast-paced (and not always structured) environment. Responsibilities: Understand, inside and out, all data streams collected, calculated, and attributed by iSpot. Use our in-house tools to provide quality assurance for ads and their metadata. Communicate bugs and alerts to Engineering teams, Customer Success, and management. Interest in learning SQL to query against MySQL and Redshift schema for quality assurance purposes. Besides being highly motivated and valuing the significant equity opportunity, we are looking for someone who has: Strong attention to detail. Experience with Excel. The ability to work quickly and efficiently with minimal supervision. Strong communication skills. The ability to multi-task and work well under deadlines in a changing environment. Strong interest in building their analytics skills using SQL, Tableau, and Excel. Ability to work an adjusted Tuesday-Saturday schedule. Passion for data accuracy."
548,Data Analyst," Collateral Analyst, Jr.","This Collateral Analyst, Jr. position will be responsible to assist and support review of collateral files and documents processed by the department. This will include data entry of received documents into the proprietary tracking system, stacking and auditing of collateral files for scanning and entry into the tracking system, and indexing of scanned documents. Additional responsibility will be to assist in transmission of outbound files and documents to custodians, investors, file retention vendors and others as applicable. Some reporting requirements will also be handled by the junior analyst for delivery to management and investors. Responsibilities ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Performs collateral file reviews for scanning preparation and document entry into the Collateral Tracking System (CTS) Updates the Collateral Tracking System regarding incoming documents and outgoing shipments Prepares manifests and barcodes for document retention vendor on their web-site and CTS Assists in handling trailing documents to input into live collateral files Creates shipping manifests for deliveries to custodians, attorneys, and other external parties Communicates project status and results weekly, and as requested Creates and exports applicable reporting from internal systems Performs other tasks as assigned by management Qualifications ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: Base knowledge of mortgage collateral documents Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Self-motivation required for accomplishing goal/project-oriented work with minimal supervision Detail orientation with strong organizational skills Strong analytical and multi-tasking skills EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE: High School Diploma required Bachelor’s Degree preferred 2 plus years mortgage or servicing experience preferred MACHINES, OFFICE EQUIPMENT & SOFTWARE: Proficient with Microsoft Office applications (Excel - vlookups, pivot tables a must)"
648,Data Analyst, Junior Financial Data Analyst,"WHY ROBLOX? Roblox’s Imagination Platform is ushering in the next generation of entertainment, enabling kids of all ages to imagine, create, and play together in immersive 3D worlds. Powered by a global community of millions of developers and creators, Roblox allows anyone to build, publish, and monetize any experience imaginable. comScore ranks Roblox as one of the top online entertainment platforms for audiences under the age of 18 based on average monthly visits and time spent. In addition, Roblox has been named one of America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies on the Inc. 5000 for the past two consecutive years. Work with the most passionate, team-oriented, visionary, crazy-smart people you’ll ever meet. As a Data Analyst, you will be a key participant in helping our finance team shape the future of Roblox. You’ll partner with leaders across the company to better understand our players and builders, performing ad-hoc analysis, creating dashboards, defining KPI’s, and applying models. You Are: Experienced in Corporate FP&A;, Financial Reporting, or Investor Relations with a strong background in excel. Passionate about data: Continuously learning new techniques and tools to extract value from data. You have a degree in Statistics, Economics, Computer Science or other relevant fields. A strong communicator: You understand that analysts must be able to present their findings in meaningful ways and engage in spirited discussions about the findings. A capable statistician: You understand the value of characterizing data by its distribution. Covariance, Bias, and Conditional Probability are concepts that you rely on every day. An expert with SQL: Querying an RDBMS is like breathing for you Strongly motivated to become proficient in the state-of-the-art tool set for accessing and crunching massive volumes of data. Experienced in developing models to draw insights from data. You will use regression techniques, data mining, and statistical techniques to create new, scalable solutions to solve difficult business problems. Uncomfortable with high-level commercial tools that limit your access to data and that constraint what you can do with it. You prefer the low-level open-source stack of the expert--eg, R over SAS, Excel, or Tableau. Relentlessly curious. You Will: Accelerate product development through your understanding of the underlying data and your ability to partner with Finance, Product and technical leaders to provide insights that drive growth. Access raw data, and then transform it, analyze it, and render it in a compelling way--all using a custom analytics toolkit built from state-of-the-art open-source libraries. Encode your work in dynamic dashboards and publish them to your internal customers. Influence how Roblox interacts with its players and its platform developers Acquire new skills and refine the ones you have in twice-weekly Team workshops You'll Love: Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage A rewarding 401k program Flexible vacation policy Free catered lunches five times a week and several fully stocked kitchens with unlimited snacks Onsite fitness center and fitness program credit Annual CalTrain Go Pass A super-cool Roblox Admin badge for your avatar Rock star status with our community Roblox – Powering Imagination. [ID981] LI-CT1"
681,Data Analyst,NEUROIMAGING DATA ANALYST JUNIOR,"The Neuroimaging Data Analyst Junior provides support for managing and analyzing data. Responsibilities will include managing and cleaning data, querying databases to create reports and determine the accuracy of data entered; exporting/importing data between different sources; writing and editing existing code to organize data for analyses; assisting with basic statistical analyses using R and other tools; checking incoming neuroimaging data for completeness and accuracy and processing it with available scripts; communicating with other researchers to obtain missing information; and writing technical and user documentation. The successful candidate will need to develop a good understanding of neuroimaging methods and hypothesis described by various funded imaging grants in the Lab. Additional responsibilities will be assigned based on the successful candidate’s skills and interests. Opportunities for participating in publication or presentation of data are available. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree with major in Psychology, Statistics, Computer Science or related field, and 0 to 1 year of experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience, is required. Experience in biomedical or psychological research or data management preferred. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Experience with linux/unix/bash scripting is preferred; extensive knowledge of tools useful in manipulating and converting data; facility with numbers and meticulous attention to detail; experience with statistics and statistical programming (R preferred); programming experience with one or more general-purpose programming languages preferred; capacity for learning new technical skills independently; experience with neuroimaging tools (SPM, AFNI, FSL) preferred. Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class."
691,Data Analyst, Junior Medical Data Analyst,"Job Summary The Junior Medical Data Analyst will be responsible for the production of daily, weekly, and monthly trending and analysis reports. Summary of essential job functions Prepare weekly, monthly and quarterly Excel reports as directed by management. Production of Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s) and status reports for Clients. Review Client Aged Trial Balances (ATB’s) for trends, reporting findings to Acclara management and Client(s) Complete daily, weekly and monthly payment trending reports for Management and Client. Create adhoc reports as requested, gathering necessary information to complete the request. Maintain and update documentation on all processes and projects. Assist in the production of performance and status reports for staff Assist on new or existing projects as needed Insure deadlines are met. Minimum requirements 0-3 years of hospital/healthcare financial experience. Experience with hospital patient accounting systems. Knowledge of Healthcare and Managed Care terms. Intermediate to Expert level with Excel. Effectively use Microsoft Office. Database management, word processing, building and maintaining spreadsheets. Review data and raise appropriate questions and highlighting significant findings. Maintain a high level of accuracy when reviewing data and performing tasks. Review data for consistency and reasonableness. Check data to other sources. Working in a team environment. Analyzing and solving problems. Communicate effectively, orally and in writing Work well independently as well as in a team environment Function independently with minimal oversight and direction. Display high level of accountability. Education Associate’s degree (or equivalent) or currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or other Business-related, IT or Health Administration field preferred. Abilities required Some travel to client sites"
755,Data Analyst, Junior Data Analyst,"AppZen has developed the world’s first artificial intelligence (AI) solution for business process automation. AppZen’s AI for business solutions uses patent-pending Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision and machine learning algorithms to analyze data and automate functions. Our technology is used to automate business processes for both small and large enterprises, including fortune 50 organizations. The data science-based technology automatically detects accidental and intentional fraud, providing real-time compliance to IRS rules, FCPA regulations, and general company policies. Passionate about data and want to ensure the best customer experience? We are looking for people who can ensure success with our fast growing list of Fortune 50 customers. This position’s primary focus is analyzing customers data and working with our Implementation, Customer Success and Engineering teams to ensure customers are configured for success. If you are looking to make an immediate impact this is the role for you! About You: You love crunching numbers and looking for key trends to drive business value. You want to help our customers get the most out of AppZen’s audit solution and get joy out of watching a customer really succeed. You have GREAT communication skills and know how to get the message across. You have a finely tuned sense of urgency, you know when you can fix something, and when and how to ask for help. Responsibilities Analyzing customers data to identify areas of improvement within their configuration. Presenting data insights and potential solutions to teams within the Customer Success org. Working cross functionally to Identify and provide solutions to internal business process issues that impact the customer experience. Communicate suggested product improvements to the development team. Must-Haves: Humble and Friendly personality with an open and honest communication style. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to understand our business applications quickly with little hands on training. Bonus Points: Working understanding of fraud and compliance"
907,Data Architect, Junior Computing Architect,"Tukwila,Washington,United States BAULN2 The Maintenance & Leasing Solutions (M&LS;) Organization has an opening in a high profile, fast paced and exciting environment with tremendous growth and learning potential in Tukwila, WA. The Maintenance & Leasing Solutions Software Development team is looking for a Junior Systems/Data Computing Architect to support definition and design activities for the M &LS; product portfolio. The individual chosen will have great opportunities interfacing with key business and technical leaders from across the Digital Aviation & Analytics organization and be able to exercise technical and leadership skills. This position will also provide opportunities to develop technical skills on applications that are deployed on the Microsoft Azure cloud. This individual will work to develop, define and communicate architectural direction of the most optimal solutions within and across products. Must have a strong technical background, experience with systems architecture, good written and verbal communication skills, be proactive and willing to work within a team. Also desired, Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)/Agile fundamentals. Systems Architect responsibilities include: Performs research and analysis on processes, applications, systems and data to create an application or system design. Consults with customers and other technical members to clarify and refine the design. Creates decision memos for complex designs and then communicates the technical direction to the teams impacted. on, roadmap and content presentations. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Minimum 1 year of experience with Software Architecture/Development, Systems and Application Development and/or Systems Integration Excellent analytical skills Effective writing skills Excellent verbal communication Effective communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills Exposure to Agile Software Development Lifecycle Ability to facilitate design sessions & develop proposals for solutions Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time Digital Aviation & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company"
1043,Data Architect, Junior Architect - Berkeley Job,"Req ID: 11862 Summary Our Berkeley, California Office is currently looking for a junior level architectural designer to join the team. This office is comprised of a team of architects, structural and civil engineers, and the team works on a variety of projects, including governmental work, transportation, and rental car facilities. This individual will work with the team as well as individually on projects and must be self-motivated to complete projects in a timely manner. This position may be located in our Berkeley or Santa Ana office locations. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor degree in Architecture from four-year accredited college or university Minimum of 5 years work experience in an architectural/engineering organization (including 3 years or more experience with Revit, AutoCAD and Excel) Local Candidates preferred. Preferred Qualifications: Registered Professional Architect in the state of California LEED certified (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Accredited Professional) Working knowledge of: Photoshop, Illustrator, PowerPoint, Bluebeam, 3ds Max, is a plus. General Duties & Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Prepares architectural plans and renderings, including proposals, schematic design documents, and construction documents, with minimal guidance and supervision. Recommends efficiencies in drafting procedures. Assists others in programming, building cost analysis, specifications and materials, code research, construction administration and project management. Performs elementary design computations, makes quantity takeoffs, and may inspect architectural features of structures in the field. Occasionally represents the organization in meetings to resolve important questions, plan and coordinate work between disciplines. Assist or participate in preparation of business proposals. Encouraged to try to solve problems using judgment, and education, but is expected to ask for assistance when needed. Keeps Senior Architect and Project Manager informed of workload and any changes in project schedule or scope or additional services. Maintains company reputation by complying with federal and state regulations. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Core Competencies Analytical - Synthesizes complex or diverse information; Collects and researches data; Designs work flows and procedures. Problem Solving – Takes initiative to identify and resolve problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully. Team Work - Balances team and individual responsibilities. Quality Management - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; Applies feedback to improve performance. Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Keeps commitments. Travel Requirements Position may require some travel to client sites for meetings and site visits using various modes of transportation including automobile and airline. Travel requirements: Up to 10% TranSystems Corporation - Transportation Infrastructure and Facilities - that's our focus. From infrastructure and facility design to computer simulation and economic impact analysis to finding alternative financing solutions for transportation projects - we do it. Our transportation specialists, located in offices across the nation, are unparalleled in the knowledge of the movement of freight and people, and unmatched in technical and managerial services. We provide full-scale professional services to both public and private sector transportation clients. Plans, designs and directs components of freight railroad; passenger rail and transit; states and municipalities; airports and air carriers; manufacturers and distributors; ports and maritime; trucking and automotive; energy and communication; and federal government projects. TranSystems is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer and ensures nondiscrimination and equal employment opportunity in all programs and activities in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, pregnancy status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship status, disability, protected Veteran status or any other status protected by law. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, we will hire only U.S. citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States (if the position is or will be one which is subject to U.S. law)."
1129,Data Architect,Data Developers (Junior & Senior Levels),"General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. JOB OVERVIEW Technology at General Mills accelerates process transformation and business growth around the globe. To achieve business success, the Global Business Solutions team uses leading edge technology, innovative thinking and agile processes. One of our General Mills’ key technology priorities is driving business action through connected data. The General Mills Enterprise Data and Development Services organization is currently in the process of building a big data platform based on Cloudera Hadoop as part of a multi-year strategic Data Lake program, to advance the data-driven decision making capabilities of our enterprise. If you are an agile learner, have strong problem solving skills and are able to function as part of a highly technical, cross functional team, we would like to hear from you. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Act as a key technical leader within General Mills Design, create, code, and support a variety of Hadoop ETL solutions (potentially including but not limited to: Python, Scala, Kafka, SAP Data Services, or others) Generate and implement your own ideas on how to improve the operational and strategic health of big data ecosystem Participate in the evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools & process in the big data space. Partner with business analysts and solutions architects to deliver business initiatives. Collaboratively troubleshoot technical and performance issues in the big data ecosystem MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s Degree required; Computer Science, MIS, or Engineering preferred Minimum 3 years of IT experience, 5+ preferred Understanding of Hadoop ecosystem Database development experience using Oracle or SQL Server Process mindset with experience creating, documenting and implementing standard processes Effective verbal and written communication and influencing skills. Effective analytical and technical skills. Ability to work in a team environment Ability to research, plan, organize, lead, and implement new processes or technology PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Python, Scala or Java development experience Big Data Development experience using Hive and/or Spark Familiarity with Kafka Familiarity with the Linux operating system Experience with agile techniques or methods _Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with General Mills (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status)._ CB2 DCGM"
1195,Data Architect, Junior Data Engineer- ML and AI,"Global Artificial Intelligence Accelerator Ericsson Overview: Ericsson is world’s leading provider of communications technology and services. Our offerings include services, consulting, software and infrastructure within Information and Communications Technology. Using innovation to empower people, business and society, Ericsson is working towards the Networked Society: a world connected in real time that will open up opportunities to create freedom, transform society and drive solutions to some of our planet’s greatest challenges. We are truly a global company, operating across borders in over 180 countries, offering a diverse, performance-driven culture and an innovative and engaging environment. As an Ericsson employee, you will have freedom to think big and the support to turn ideas into achievements. Continuous learning and growth opportunities allow you to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to progress and reach your career goals. We invite you to join our team. Machine Intelligence at Ericsson It will be practically impossible for human brains to understand how to run and optimize a 5G network, Machine Learning ( ML ) and other Artificial Intelligence ( AI) technologies- will be vital for us to handle that complexity. We are setting up a Global AI Accelerator in the US, Sweden and India, with 300 experts, to fast-track our strategy execution Machine Intelligence (MI), the combination of Machine Learning and other Artificial Intelligence technologies is what Ericsson uses to drive thought leadership to automate and transform Ericsson offerings and operations. MI is a key competence to enable new and emerging business. This includes development of models, frameworks and infrastructure that we use to power our 5G networks and services. We engage in both academic and industry collaborations to drive the digitalization of Ericsson and the Industry. Our global group develop state of the art solutions that simplify and automate processes in our products and services and create new value through data insights. Ericsson is hiring Junior Data Engineers to significantly expand its Global AI Accelerator team. Job Description: Ericsson is looking for savvy Junior Data Engineers to join our growing team of MI experts. As a team member, you will be evolving and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as, optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. You are an expert data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and evolving them. The Data Engineer will support our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data and models devOps (dataOps) architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. You are self-directed and comfortable supporting the dataOps needs of multiple teams, systems and products. You will also be responsible for integrating them with the architecture used across the company. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s dataOps architecture to support our existing and next generation of MI-driven products and solutions initiatives. Your Roles and Responsibilities Assist with the creation and maintaining of optimal data and model dataOps pipeline architecture Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and cloud-based ‘big data’ technologies from AWS, Azure and others. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Keep data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and strategic customers/partners. Create tool-chains for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Work with data and machine learning experts to strive for greater functionality in our data and model life cycle management systems. Support dataOps competence build-up in Ericsson Businesses and Customer Serving Units What we would like to see BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Informatics, Information Systems or another related field. 0-2 years experience using the following software/tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc. Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra. Experience with Data and Model pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, Dataiku, etc. Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc. Advanced SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of other databases/date-sources. Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets. Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and seek opportunities for improvement. Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets. Have built processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management. Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores. Project management and interpersonal skills. Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment LI-BF1 DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Santa Clara || R&D;"
1197,Data Engineer,Junior Data Engineer,"Warby Parker is looking for a motivated Junior Data Engineer to join our growing Technology team. In this role, you’ll build out and maintain our data processing platform and reporting models used in key financial and accounting systems analysis. Working closely with the Financial Planning and Accounting teams, as well as the Supply Chain team, you’ll build and support critical data products that enable our company to grow and improve. If this sounds like the kind of work you’d thrive on, we’d love to hear from you! What you’ll do and what you’ll learn: Our Technology team uses a mix of experience and objective data analysis to constantly experiment and iterate. You’ll practice this method alongside other experienced Data Engineers as you take technical ownership of the system that powers Warby Parker’s understanding of accounting and inventory data. Our team is about as collaborative and transparent as they come, so you’ll also participate in code reviews to maintain high quality of code. (We’re building our systems to last and to adapt!). Primarily, you’ll use Python and SQL and you’ll learn how to deploy your code continuously using Git. We are a cloud-native company and work with many cloud products (IaaS and SaaS) offered by Amazon Web Services. Using these services, you’ll apply techniques that are scalable and help our tech-enabled business to focus on delivering value. As a Junior Data Engineer, you’ll collaborate with software engineers and analysts on the Accounting and Supply Chain teams to understand their needs, produce code to solve their reporting problems, and provide business intelligence in Looker. You’ll learn how to model data with a high degree of accuracy that can be used by the Accounting teams. In time, you’ll increase model intelligibility and improve data processing efficiency. You’ll also support the Financial Accounting teams with audit activities, regular period- based analysis and closing activities, and new exploratory opportunities. Who you are: A thoughtful, detail-oriented engineer who has worked with data for at least one year professionally Backed by working experience with (or a thorough understanding of) accounting and inventory systems—or experience with corporate finance, planning, and analysis solutions Well-versed in SQL and Python Familiar with open-source ETL tools like Airflow, Luigi, or Talend, or with commercial systems like Informatica, SSIS, or DataStage Experienced working on a major relational database management system—PostgreSQL (which we use), Oracle, or MySQL—and optimizing queries Able to describe how a transactional data model is different from a reporting and analytics data model An excellent communicator, especially when it comes to explaining technical approaches and solutions to business-oriented stakeholders About us: Warby Parker was founded in 2010 with a lofty objective: to offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses. By circumventing traditional channels and designing our frames in house, we’re able to offer insanely high-quality eyewear at decidedly non- insane prices (i.e., from $95 with prescription lenses—a fraction of the going price!). In the last eight years, we’ve grown to over 60 retail locations in the U.S. and Canada, opened our first optical lab in upstate New York, and launched two of our own iOS apps. And for three years running, Fast Company has named us one of the world’s most innovative companies. We also hold ourselves to the highest standards of social and environmental responsibility. This means lots of different things, like operating carbon- neutrally and distributing a pair of glasses to someone in need for every pair we sell. (We’re big believers that businesses can scale and be profitable while doing good in the world.) Of course, all work and no play makes an extremely dull office, and no one likes an extremely dull office. (We sure don’t.) As an employee at Warby Parker, you can look forward to company outings, guest speakers, volunteering opportunities, and other brain- (and/or taste-bud-) stimulating activities. It also doesn’t hurt that our team is just great company. Some benefits and perks of working at Warby Parker: Health, vision, and dental insurance Flexible “My Time” vacation policy Retirement savings plan with a company match Parental leave (non-birthing parents included) Cell phone plan reimbursement A health-and-wellness stipend Free eyewear (plus discounts for friends and family) And more (just ask!)"
1259,Data Engineer,Arity Junior Data Analytics Engineer,"Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Arity Arity is a new technology company that uses advanced predictive analytics to help partners evaluate risk and make sense of everyday experiences. Our proprietary algorithms analyze billions of data points, distilling the flood of information into simple, actionable insights. Chief among these is the Arity Driving Score, which models billions of miles of driving and claims data to assess risk, gauging each driver’s likelihood of an event. Founded by The Allstate Corporation, an organization synonymous with protection and preparation, Arity is born from a long-standing commitment to deep customer understanding and future-focused innovation. Fueled by the curiosity of a startup, our expertise begins with connected car, providing applied insights that meet insurer and transportation/mobility company needs and enhance driver safety, connectivity and value. Don’t miss this opportunity to join a team where your innovative thinking and technology skills can improve the safety of those on the road and further enhance the car-ownership experience. Job Family Summary: Arity Data Science and Analytics is responsible for aligning with and contributing to corporate objectives by identifying and developing growth and profitability opportunities that will enable Arity to generate profitable market share growth. The Data Analytics Engineer team is responsible for working with clients to create scaled out business solutions and/or large scale research data files using appropriate ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) tools and software to provide documented, trusted and actionable results or data. The team is responsible for data manipulation and serves as a consultant to teams, providing best practices, data interpretation and training on created business solutions or research data. Job Summary: _The Junior Data Engineer position is an entry level role with a start date in January 2018 or Summer 2018._ This role is responsible for the use and development of data infrastructure projects & proof of concept business solutions for users in analytics and Data Science. This person partners with others on work with data scientists and analytic engineers on tactical solutions. This role will participate on new ETL work tracks for Data Science and analytics from inception and prototyping to fully developed solutions. This is a highly dynamic position that requires a greater degree of flexibility, analytic agility, and the ability to rapidly adapt to changing business requirements/needs, new technologies, and data sources. This role requires close integration and partnership with the business/Data Science team and requires business acumen in order to output the best technical solutions. Key Responsibilities Utilize a multidisciplinary approach to Data Analytic problems combining technical expertise with analytics and business knowledge Work with Data Scientists and business partners on embedded cross functional teams; developing subject matter expertise in the business as well as advanced analytics. Execute on requirements to develop analytic data sources for use by data scientists, research, and business users Execute rapid development of new data work tracks with fast iteration over quick sprints Leverage and enhance the data infrastructure required to support needs of data science and analytics. Builds test scripts, executes testing, works with data scientists and business to ensure end user acceptance Leverage “agile” data analysis with technology fluency in parallel processing/programming, software/programming languages and OLAP technologies (ETL, Spark, Scala, Python, Oracle, NoSQL Databases, SQL, PL/SQL, MySQL, Hadoop, Java, MapReduce). Contribute to an environment that supports innovation and process improvement. Contribute to the development of corporate research data files, information platforms or data spaces designed for exploring and understanding the data. Demonstrate analytic agility to meeting fluid and dynamic business needs in this space Mentor other team members in a business technical environment. Qualifications _Target Start Date: January 2018 or Summer 2018._ Working towards and will be completing a bachelor’s degree in a field such as Computer Science, Data Architecture or equivalent skills Related experience or equivalent skills & ability SQL, Python, and Scala development experience and knowledge (Spark a plus) Computer Proficiency in Oracle, UNIX, Linux, SQL Analytic, Data Sourcing, and Content Management skills Experience in time and task management Ability to learn new technologies Strong attention to detail Intermediate written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to effectively collaborate with multi-disciplinary groups and all organizational levels Preferred: Masters degree or PhD in a field such as Computer Science or Data Architecture Development knowledge and experience in Hadoop stack such as Spark, Hive, Impala Familiarity with statistical concepts and related technology (R, SAS, Matlab) is a plus. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click ""here"" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click ""here"" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era."
1268,Data Engineer, Junior Data Engineer,"Are you fresh out of school? Looking for a career change after having a few years of experience under your belt? A well-known food and beverage company in the Chicago Loop is looking to add a Data Engineer to their team. The engineer needs to be ready to learn and open to working on new projects. The bulk of what you will be doing is working with Hub and Spoke doing the drag and data/data modeling. You will be working with Python and SQL and also get exposure to Scala and Spark. If you love working with data and are interested in growing your skill set, apply today! Required Skills & Experience 0-2 professional years of experience Python SQL Strong communication skills Computer Science degree Desired Skills & Experience Scala Spark or Big Data Exposure to ML ETL tools Cloud experience Familiar with Spanish (Company is based in Madrid) What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 100% New Development The Offer Competitive Pay: Up to $50/hour, DOE Contract Duration: 6 Months– Hire You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients."
1278,Data Engineer, Junior Process Safety Engineer,"We are hiring a junior-level process safety engineer to join our Process Risk Management group. This engineer will support our process safety services in the Gulf region, including facility siting, Process Hazard Analysis (PHA) study preparation, on-site scribing of studies and safety workshops (PHA, HAZOP, What-If Analysis, HAZID, JSA, QRA, and FMEA) and client reporting. Qualifications / Experience: A Bachelor's Degree in Chemical, Electrical, or Mechanical Engineering or equivalent experience Experience in process safety, specifically relating to one or more core Process Risk Management deliverables, such as PHA, LOPA Risk Assessment, HAZOP, or HAZID Effective written/verbal communication and organization/analytical skills; experience recording/writing detailed technical data and reports a plus. The willingness and ability to travel approximately 25% of the time. Valid driver's license required. Ability to multi-task, maintain flexibility, and work independently with minimal supervision. In addition, we expect the following in all our employees: A passion for making our clients, our worksites, and our world a safer place The ability to work well in both team-based and independent situations Outstanding problem-solving skills with a knack for thinking creatively aeSolutions offers a wide variety of benefits, including: Medical, Dental, & Vision insurance FSA or HSA options Life, Disability, Accident & Illness insurance 401(k) retirement plan with Roth or Traditional option Holidays and accrued time off with pay Flex time schedules Employee service center with 24/7 online access to personal information/changes About aeSolutions: In business since 1998, aeSolutions is a complete supplier of performance- based process safety engineering and automation solutions. We utilize proven processes to help ensure consistent project execution and help customers optimize production, quality and safety. aeSolutions is committed to employing high-integrity professionals who will work closely with teammates and clients to deliver engineering solutions that meet or exceed process safety goals. If you are looking for a company that offers challenging and rewarding work, values your contributions, provides excellent pay and benefits, and is dedicated to safety, you may be a good fit. To learn more about the company and apply, visit www.aesolns.com . Equal Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Work Zone _Note: aeSolutions does not accept unsolicited resumes from third party agencies or recruiters, and no fees will be paid should the company hire an applicant submitted by a third party absent a written contract and a specific request for assistance with that role. Please email resumes@aesolns.com for more information._"
1484,Data Engineer,Junior Engineer,"Position description: Supports the Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) Afloat Systems Cyber security Engineering group with model based systems engineering (MBSE) efforts for in- service and new construction Navy afloat and undersea platforms. Primary responsibilities: ?- Assist in assessment of Model Based Systems Engineering Tools Assist in establishing and MBSE Pilots for NAVSEA Assist in review of Navy fleet cyber security data models Assist in creating data standards and strategy for NAVSEA Qualifications Required skills: Bachelor's degree or related experience in Computer, Electrical, or Mechanical Engineering Some software experience in any modern language (Java, C++, Etc.) is required General knowledge of any of the following: software development, embedded systems, cyber security, networking Good written and communication skills DOD Secret Clearance required Preferred skills / Awesome extras: Military experience is desirable but not required Cyber security certification(s) or related working experience Knowledge and/or experience with Navy shipboard systems, including combat, HM&E (hull, mechanical, and electrical), or navigation EEO Statement DELTA Resources Inc. provides equal opportunity for all persons and prohibits discrimination in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), veteran or marital status, or any other factor prohibited by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave, compensation, and training. DELTA maintains an Affirmative Action Plan to establish fair access to employment opportunities and to create a work community that is an accurate reflection of the qualified workforce. Due to security clearance requirements, U.S. citizenship is required for most positions."
1679,Statistics," Junior HR Coordinator, Field Resources","City: Houston, TX Area: Houston, TX Country: USA Division: Trinidad Drilling USA Ltd. Start Date: Posted: 7/30/2018 Closing Date: 8/17/2018 Description: The Junior HR Coordinator, Field Resources is located at the Houston Texas office, near the Bush Intercontinental (IAH), and will be a key member of the HR and Operations teams. Their primary responsibility is to find the best talent for Trinidad’s US Land Drilling rigs, while assisting with larger team initiatives and deliverables. Duties and Responsibilities Conduct full-cycle recruitment and onboarding for field/rig personnel, including but not limited to: Continuously screen and sort resumes using the in-house Applicant Tracking System as it relates to recruitment, and develop strategies to maintain a solid pipeline of candidates to meet current and future business needs Set up and conduct interviews and phone screens as required, and assess interviewed candidates based on qualifications and organizational fit Ensure post offer pre-employment tests and reference checks are conducted according to company policy Schedule and coordinate Onboarding activities Ensure completion of all required paperwork for new employees Work closely with Field Superintendents and Rig Managers to maintain required staffing levels when unplanned turnover occurs Gather information and provide insight to Operations and HR Leadership Teams on manpower requirements, attraction and retention issues and turnover statistics Provide training on recruitment fundamentals, including: resume screening, selection, interviewing and referencing to both internal recruiters and business leaders when needed Accept phone calls from applicants, current employees looking for updates about upcoming work, Field Superintendents and Rig Managers needing additional personnel, etcm Work with management to ensure all employee transactions are properly documented and processed to Payroll through status change forms (transfers, position changes, leave of absence, salary changes, terminations, etc.) Daily and frequent use of Microsoft Dynamics NAV to perform data entry of applicants, new employees and status changes, as well as find and share information with other teams and operations offices as required Frequently update, utilize and audit all in-house recruitment and crew coordination databases according to Trinidad’s current recruitment process Participate in an on-call rotation on evenings and weekends, which requires taking home certain equipment and information to be able to staff a rig should there be an issue with the arrival of a scheduled employee (as alerted by a Rig Manager or Field Superintendent), as required All other duties as required Qualifications and Abilities Must have 1 to 3 years of full-cycle recruitment experience, ideally within the oil and gas industry Must have previous work experience recruiting for high volume and high turnover positions High school diploma is required; post-secondary education or a certification in Human Resources is considered an asset Must be results-driven and detail-oriented, and able to continuously maintain a high degree of accuracy in a fast paced and dynamic environment Strong problem solving skills, and can multi-task and adapt to shifting priorities in tight timelines Exceptional verbal and written communication skills High degree of resourcefulness, creativity, flexibility and adaptability Must be an energetic self-starter, able to stay organized and follow direction Able to work collaboratively and build relationships at all levels of the organization Maturity to handle and appropriately share confidential and sensitive personal and business information Advanced computer skills with excellent knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Able to continuously provide exceptional customer service skills and maintain a friendly, patient, polite and energetic attitude in all interactions Bi-Lingual preferred but not required"
1906,Statistics,"Jr Health Consultant, Apprentice Business Analyst","The Apprentice Business Analyst will work as an integral part of a dynamic team along with peers and senior staff. This individual will support multiple projects, primarily facilitating both statewide Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and school based annual Medicaid cost settlement efforts for state health Medicaid agencies, while serving as a primary client contact on these engagements. S/he must produce quality work, meet client goals and expectations, and develop solutions to client problems in a timely manner. Must be able to draw sound conclusions based on data analysis and communicate findings effectively, both in person and in writing. PCG is a fast paced, energetic environment with dedicated professionals who are passionate and committed to the core values of the organization. Successful candidates must be willing to operate in both a team situation and autonomously with minimal supervision. They must possess strong skills in the areas of interpersonal communication, analysis, critical thinking, attention to detail, multi-tasking, and oral and written communication. This Apprentice Business Analyst will work on the Health Care Financial Services team, supporting projects in health care-related financial analysis and application development providing productized and analytical solutions for state Medicaid agencies, public and private health care providers, and state health agencies. Facilitate statewide Medicaid initiatives in a team environment Gathering and analyzing various types of data; Defining, documenting, and improving business processes; Conducting policy and other research; Conducting financial analysis for various clients Medicaid/Medicare cost reports, and/or revenue projections; Providing project management support to colleagues, Consultants, and Managers; Preparing and presenting written/verbal status reports for clients; Coordinating project requirements and client expectations; Preparing, managing, and documenting daily correspondence, written, verbal and e-mail, to clients and their stakeholders; Participating on proposal development teams, including writing sections, coordinating efforts and preparing proposal submissions; and Other responsibilities, as necessary. Other Requirements: Ability to work on-site daily; and Ability to work overtime; and Ability to travel to client sites (up to approximately 30%). Essential Qualities: Strong analytical, interpersonal, organizational, research, presentation, time management, problem-solving, and oral and written communication skills; Intellectual curiosity, enthusiasm, and eagerness to learn; Ability to take initiative, and move daily work forward; Detail-oriented, problem solving approach to business issues; Ability to follow, critically evaluate, and improve upon current processes; Good judgment in prioritizing and completing tasks, and in seeking guidance, when needed; Commitment to exceptional client service and contribute in a team environment; Dedication to accomplishing goals and challenges presented by clients and management, and accountable for results; Ability to interact with various levels of management and with clients; and Ability to see the big picture while working at the detailed level to move projects forward within specific timeline and budget. Mandatory Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree; High Proficiency in Microsoft applications, in particular Tableau, Access, and Excel. Preferred Qualifications: Familiarity with Medicare and/or Medicaid policies and procedures; Knowledge of Medicare/Medicaid cost report templates; Prior experience working with health insurers, hospitals, or state health agencies; Core interest in health care, government, or public consulting; General knowledge or experience in business administration, state and local government, health insurance payment systems (particularly Medicaid); LI-KG1"
1945,Statistics,Junior Analyst - Entry Level,"Min Salary: 37,000.00 Max Salary: 45,000.00"
2022,Database Administrator,Junior Database Administrator,"Junior Database Administrator At The Fellowship, your database management experience can be used to help over a million Jews in need each year. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, a non-profit organization with US Headquarters in downtown Chicago, offers a ray of hope to the most vulnerable Jews around the world. We also serve as a great resource for building bridges of understanding between Christians and Jews. As a Junior DBA, you’ll have responsibility for daily database administration and maintenance, ensuring security, integrity, and performance of database servers. You’ll also provide support and oversite of data integration with external vendors and fulfill data segmentation requests. Your growing career can have great meaning in serving others as you perform some of the following functions: Troubleshooting database configuration, performance, and reliability issues.Maintaining database documentation on a monthly basis. Testing disaster recovery and failover plans. Fulfilling data segmentation requests and ensuring adherence of request workflow to business processes. Developing, deploying and maintaining extract, transform, and load (ETL) processes. Supporting other departments to effectively and reliably use data stored with external vendors. Auditing data held by external vendors to ensure integrity and timely synchronization. Researching products, frameworks, trends, and tools to improve the efficiency and offerings of the DBA team and the Information Services department. As the ideal candidate, you’ll possess these qualities and experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent discipline or equivalent experience 1-3 years of experience in database management and writing SQL database queries Knowledge of backups and restores in modern versions of Microsoft SQL Server Extract, Transformation, Load (ETL) development skills Exposure to working directly with Analytics, Marketing, and Production departments Experience in a non-profit environment or with non-profit customers is a plus Strong ability to effectively and tactfully communicate orally and in writing, integrating non-technical terms with management and end users for information and reporting delivery solutions Good analytical and problem solving skills Detail-orientation and highly organized Strong initiative and good judgment; ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects, adhering to strict timelines We offer a friendly, rewarding place to work, great benefits, and an office located near public transportation. If your interest has been piqued and your heart touched please submit your cover letter, resume and salary requirements so that your journey in helping others through _The Fellowship’s_ mission can begin. Thank you for your interest in joining our team. We are an equal opportunity employer."
2272,Database Administrator, Jr. Database Administrator,"OneSky Flight is seeking a Jr. MS SQL Development DBA who is passionate about innovation and database technologies to help us build and maintain solid, high performing and scalable database solutions for our private jet operation teams. We support the technology needs of four established private jet brands Flexjet, Flight Options, Sentient Jet, and SkyJet. We are constantly updating our operations systems and are adding to the team to enable us to do even more. Have you always wanted to work for an innovative company that has the agility of a startup but has decades of experience as an industry leader within a fast-paced and growing industry like private aviation? A day in the life... As an MS SQL Server development DBA, you will be responsible for developing new database solutions and optimizing existing processes for our suite of operations applications. You will develop SQL code that is efficient, smart and impactful. Our operations systems are core to our business. Your work will be highly visible. Monitor the performance, scalability and security of SQL Server instances. Learn about the private jet / fractional jet industry and develop SQL solutions to enhance the capabilities of our operations and owner services teams. Successful DBA's : Have the ability to adapt quickly to an existing, complex environment. Are self-motivated, independent, and exhibit exceptional relationship management skills. Exhibit exceptional attention to detail. Demonstrate well-developed interpersonal skills that are conducive to a team culture. Possess excellent organizational skills, and communication skills both written and verbal A Plus but Not Required: Have prior experience in travel or aviation Have experience with location based services Holds a pilot’s license or is working towards obtaining his or her pilot’s license"
2273,Database Administrator, Jr. Database Administrator,"Jr. Database Administrator MIS JRDAT01228 Apply with LinkedIn Apply now Posted: August 9, 2018 Full-Time Quincy, MA, USA Job Details Description OneSky Flight is seeking a Jr. MS SQL Development DBA who is passionate about innovation and database technologies to help us build and maintain solid, high performing and scalable database solutions for our private jet operation teams. We support the technology needs of four established private jet brands Flexjet, Flight Options, Sentient Jet, and SkyJet. We are constantly updating our operations systems and are adding to the team to enable us to do even more. Have you always wanted to work for an innovative company that has the agility of a startup but has decades of experience as an industry leader within a fast-paced and growing industry like private aviation? A day in the life... As an MS SQL Server development DBA, you will be responsible for developing new database solutions and optimizing existing processes for our suite of operations applications. You will develop SQL code that is efficient, smart and impactful. Our operations systems are core to our business. Your work will be highly visible. Monitor the performance, scalability and security of SQL Server instances. Learn about the private jet / fractional jet industry and develop SQL solutions to enhance the capabilities of our operations and owner services teams. Successful DBA's : Have the ability to adapt quickly to an existing, complex environment. Are self-motivated, independent, and exhibit exceptional relationship management skills. Exhibit exceptional attention to detail. Demonstrate well-developed interpersonal skills that are conducive to a team culture. Possess excellent organizational skills, and communication skills both written and verbal A Plus but Not Required: Have prior experience in travel or aviation Have experience with location based services Holds a pilot’s license or is working towards obtaining his or her pilot’s license"
2275,Database Administrator, Junior Database Administrator,"General Statement of Duties Information Technology Services (ITS) department at Salem State University seeks a junior database administrator. The junior database administrator will provide day-to-day operational support of our enterprise-wide SQL Server and Oracle databases. This role is responsible for supporting the faculty, students and staff of Salem State University in their IT initiatives, while working independently or as a member of a team, in order to deliver applicable solutions within assigned time-frames while supporting existing infrastructure and systems. The successful candidate will be responsible for assisting the Senior Database Administrator and performing duties as assigned by the Director – Cloud and Data Center Operations. Duties and Responsibilities (E) Assists senior DBA with installation, configuration, maintenance, backup and recovery, monitoring, and availability of Oracle and SQL Server database instances, systems, and applications (E) Assists Senior DBA with ensuring performance, integrity, and security of database instances (E) Assists Senior DBA in providing database support to University personnel during all phases of software implementation and/or upgrades (E) Responsible for composing documentation detailing database administration standards and procedures (E) Responsible for maintaining personal knowledge and professional expertise consistent with current database trends Serve on committees as assigned by the president or designee Demonstrate sensitivity to students, faculty and staff of varying racial, ethnic, religious, gender, cultural, disability, sexual orientation and socioeconomic backgrounds Demonstrate sensitivity to students with a diversity of learning styles Serve as a role model and mentor for students as appropriate Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree Minimum of three years of progressively responsible experience administering application databases Working experience with the following core technologies: UNIX, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle RDBMS, MySQL Experience and ability to work in a team environment Preferred Qualifications: Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing Previous experience with Microsoft Cloud Services; i.e. O365, Azure Experience with off-site backup administration Microsoft certification Working Conditions: Salem State University complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified applicants and employees with disabilities. Office activities are performed in an environmentally controlled office setting subject to extended periods of sitting, keyboarding and interaction with computer equipment; occasional bending, reaching, lifting, pushing and pulling up to 5-10 pounds. Ability to work nights as needed. Special Instructions to Applicants: Please apply online and attach resume and cover letter. Employment is contingent upon a completed background and CORI check satisfactory to the university. Internal candidates are not subject to background check. EEO Statement: Salem State University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Persons of color, women and persons with disabilities are strongly urged to apply. Please Note: If there is no application deadline associated with a position, it may come down at any time. Once a posting is removed, additional applications will not be accepted."
2342,Database Administrator,Jr SalesForce Administrator,"Job no: 495028 Work type: Full Time Regular Location: Arizona Categories: Banking, Information Technology Mutual of Omaha Bank is seeking a candidate that’s excited to come into a growing organization and make an impact. Mutual of Omaha Bank is a top-rated, mid-tier bank with a passion for customer service and a drive to find new areas to expand. We are seeking a junior to mid-level SalesForce Administrator to join our team. These individuals will work in our SalesForce environment and manages the account and reporting issues, data setup and security for the enterprise. This position interprets technical data, designs custom reports, manages requests, troubleshoots issues, and is involved in user training sessions. This position would apply business objectives utilizing Salesforce principles and effectively communicates output with the designated business unit. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for daily administration and support of enterprise Salesforce database including, but not limited to managing multiple user setup, ensuring organizational hierarchy, profiles and roles are up to date, record management, and administrating customization of objects, fields, record types, page layouts and validations. Create and manage complex workflow rules, data validation and triggers. Develop and create customized reports and dashboards Create, train, provide technical support and maintain documentation on processes, policies, application configuration and help modules for end users. Maintain and enhance data integrity through effective design, maintenance and security in the Salesforce.com instances Audit, uncover and resolve data integrity issues. Will be primarily responsible for front line response, providing daily customer and technical support, and managing daily tasks and service items. Works with business partners to integrate other sales software solutions with the Salesforce tool. (i.e. Precision Lender, IBISWorld, Outlook, LPL Financial, etc.). Uses Salesforce to promote marketing campaigns & other client expansion activities. Assists in the development and enforcement of standard enterprise policies and procedures governing the use of Salesforce. Keeps abreast of new Salesforce features and functionality, and provides recommendations for improvements and keeps users informed about system functionality. Collaborates with counterparts in IT (project, development, QA managers) and development resources to create and validate business requirements and project specification documents. Complies with all related Federal, State and Industry laws and regulations pertaining to Banking. This position requires extensive or prolonged typing/keyboarding. This position requires sitting over 66% of the time. This position requires Visual Acuity at 20 inches (or less) over 66% of the time. Minimum Qualifications: Experience as a Salesforce Administrator Salesforce.com Admin Certification, equivalent Salesforce certifications, or equivalent Salesforce experience Experience working with the Lightning platform Experience with SQL, Apex, HTML and/or Javascript preferred Excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills with a demonstrated ability to quickly analyze and resolve issues. Excellent customer support, organization, problem solving, and analytical skills Available to travel to office and service providers Excellent technical support documentation skills Special Background and Criminal Check BPA (C): Confidentiality Agreement and Non-Solicitation of Employee and Customers Preferred Qualifications: 2+ years of experience as a Salesforce Administrator Experience with a financial organization with retail or commercial experience a plus Experience with DevOps methodologies and toolchain If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact a Human Resources Representative at 1-800-780-0304. We are available Monday through Friday 7 am to 4:30 pm CST. For all other inquiries, contact our HR Helpline at 1-800-365-1405, option 4. Mutual of Omaha and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran To All Recruitment Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Advertised: Jul 26, 2018 09:00 AM Mountain Daylight Time Applications close:"
2372,Business Analyst," Junior Business Planning Analyst, Gucci New York","Junior Business Planning Analyst, Gucci New York Role Mission The Junior Business Planning Analyst’s primary responsibility will be to produce and distribute scheduled reporting (daily/weekly/monthly) ensuring that the information communicated is clear and accurate. The analyst will also coordinate the collection of information from internal and external sources for strategic presentations and support the Business Planning Department in all the budgeting, forecasting and planning activities for the company. Key Accountabilities Prepare daily, weekly and monthly reports for all business channels (DOS/E-Commerce/ Outlets/Wholesale); Assist in all budgeting, planning and merchandising activities, including the yearly budgeting process and the merchandising plan; Additional projects and assignments as needed; Support preparation of business presentations. Key Requirements BA in Finance, Economics, Engineering or Business with a strong quantitative focus; Advance Excel skills required; Must be proficient in Powerpoint; The flexibility to multitask and handle multiple requests with varying degrees of priority simultaneously; Proactive communication skills to collaborate with the multiple team members he/she will be supporting; Attention to detail and the capacity to thrive under pressure; Ability to retain complex verbal instructions; Excellent organizational skills, time management skills and work ethic; Experience working in a fast paced, dynamic environment; Knowledge of retail and merchandising metrics is a plus but not required; 1 year of experience in a quantitative, analytical role at a top-tier organization is preferred. EOE M/D/F/V Primary Location North America-United States-New York Location Details New York Corporate Office Start Date As soon as possible Job Type Permanent Schedule Full-time Job Business Development & Strategy Organization GUCCI Job Number: 000JRX"
2380,Business Analyst, Junior International Business Analyst H/F,"Provides Marc Jacobs International (MJI) Finance Department with key analysis & reports on Marc Jacobs retail activity worldwide. Reports to Vice President Global Finance, based in New York and Frequent contacts with Group interlocutors and counterparts in the Regions JOB DESCRIPTION: > Reporting > Create and distribute the following reports, for planning & control in collaboration with the Global Retail team: o Internal Daily retail sales reporting o Weekly and Monthly retail sales reporting, sent internally and to LVMH and the Fashion group > Support the finance team in preparing all reporting packages according to the standards and deadlines defined by the Group and the Brand management, using the Group and internal MJ tools (SyRUS, Wasabi): o Monthly Retail Network Evolution o Monthly Like for Like Sales analysis o Monthly reporting of sales data in Group consolidation tool (BTQ in SyRUS) o Review & Update of the Boutique Manager information (surface, name...) > Budget o Participate in consolidating and reviewing the Budget and Strategic Planning phases for regions (Japan, APAC and Europe) o Participate in building the budget and strap plan of US Retail activities (Brick-and-Mortar and Ecommerce) o Track & analyse the regions performance against budget > Sales Analysis o Prepare and distribute Top-Sellers Weekly Sales reporting, to support decisions on stock management and planning o Perform and distribute key group performance and sales analysis o Prepare other specific analysis as requested by Management > Specific project o Key user for retail BI tool PROFIL > Business school or university graduate > Perfect command of written & spoken English > Dynamic, proactive, excellent organizational competencies, flexible > Proficient in Excel and PowerPoint is a must > Product sensibility > Previous experience abroad and/or in the retail industry appreciated > 18 months VIE starting November 2018 > Location: New York, USA"
2452,Business Analyst, Junior Quality Assurance Business Analyst,"Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No American International Group, Inc. Junior Quality Assurance Business Analyst Your future team Our technology teams collaborate with their worldwide colleagues and partners every day to take on the challenges of providing IT support to one of the world’s leading financial services firm. We’re people who believe that with the right values and hard work, anything is possible. We know that if we’re at our best, that enables our customers to be their best and realize their dreams and hoped for successes. The Information Technology group provides enterprise- wide IT solutions for all of AIG’s specialized disciplines. Technology provides strategic and procedural support in all of AIG’s specialized disciplines, such as policy issuance, premium collection, claims handling, and administration. It enables AIG to deliver business strategies through efficient world-class IT and operations services, while ensuring the necessary IT risk management and security measures are in place. Your contribution at AIG As an influencer at AIG, people come to you as a “go-to” source for help and support because of your deep knowledge and expertise. As a more experienced team member, you are capable of driving continual improvement and impacting the way that things get done. Because of your influence, whether direct or indirect, we are able to deliver powerful outcomes for our clients Position Summary As a Junior Quality Assurance Business Analyst in our Career Distribution Technology Department you will Work at the direction of management and Senior Quality Assurance Analysts to write and test IT enhancements in assigned business tools. Conduct extensive manual testing. Update JIRA and ALM daily. Coordinate reporting with the Senior Quality Assurance Analyst. This role will coordinate testing with offshore team members to successfully complete test plans. Attend daily project status meetings. Attend weekly project scope meetings. Act as backup to the Senior Quality Assurance Analyst to facilitate offshore testing coordination and status reporting Become a subject matter expert on the assigned business tools. What we are looking for The ideal candidate for this position will have: 1-3 years of documented testing and test writing experience. Experience with AGILE project management, JIRA issue and project tracking software, and HP Quality Center (ALM) software are preferred. Must be able to work in a fast paced environment with deadlines. Basic competency with Microsoft Office tool suite is required. College graduate preferred, but not required. It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives."
2457,Business Analyst,Junior Business Systems Analyst,"Do you want to grow with us? At DXP we are passionate about what we do and driven to be the best solution for our industrial customers. Since 1908 DXP has been dedicated to the highest quality of customer service through our expertise of the products we distribute and the technical services we perform with a sense of individual pride and company spirit. Throughout your career with DXP, we will encourage and empower you to take an active role in identifying and driving your development, so you feel total confidence in your ability to achieve ongoing success. We aspire to be the best solution for the Industrial customers' needs for MROP products and services through our Innovative Pumping Solutions, Supply Chain Services and Service Centers. By applying to DXP, you will have the opportunity to speak with some of the most respected professionals in the industry. Responsibilities of the Junior Business Systems Analyst include, but are not limited to: Provide technical and functional support for systems including: Epicor Prophet 21 Infor Syteline Microsoft Dynamics Coupa Workday Other homegrown applications Manage, lead, and participate in small application implementations Collaborate with developers, database admins, and other business departments Develop, document, and implement processes Train end-users DXP Qualifications of the Junior Business Systems Analyst include, but are not limited to: Bachelor's Degree in Industrial Distribution, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, or related industry Experience with ERP systems Basic SQL query writing skills Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Strong analytical skills Detail oriented and strong documentation skills Excellent customer service skills Ability to multitask and meet deadlines with a sense of urgency and accuracy Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled"
2575,Business Analyst, Jr. IT Business Analyst,"Overview Who we are: Meridian Health Plan is a family-owned, family-operated company of passionate leaders, achievers, and innovators dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our members, our providers and in the healthcare industry. We provide government-based health plans (Medicare, Medicaid, and the Health Insurance Marketplace) in five different states (Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, and Ohio). Our employees work hard, play hard, and give back. Meridian employees enjoy: Happy hours, special events, company sports teams, potlucks, Bagel Fridays, weekly Executive Lunches, and volunteer opportunities. A Day in the Life of a Jr. Business Analyst: This position is primarily responsible for requirements gathering and analysis, impact assessment, and creation of business requirements and functional requirements documents. This position collaborates with business owners, subject matter experts, Delivery Leads, Architects, and other resources as needed throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC). This position is responsible for adhering to corporate SDLC standards. Secondary responsibilities include creation of process flows, design of screen mock-ups, and participation in system design discussions. Responsibilities Documents and analyzes business processes and participates in business process improvement initiatives Participates in joint application design (JAD) sessions Solicits and documents business and functional requirements, along with any additional artifacts, to define client needs/wants Manages business requirements and functional requirements documents throughout all SDLC phases Participates in logical design of system functional solutions with the technical team Creates screen mock-ups based on functional design discussion and transfers these mock-ups to functional requirements Facilitates communication between business owners and the technical team Establishes and maintains traceability between business and functional requirements and related artifacts in accordance with department guidelines and audit requirements Communicates regularly with Development and QA teams to ensure accurate understanding and interpretation of requirements and related artifacts Provides support during deployment of functionality to production environment as necessary Assists in the preparation of user training materials as necessary Performs other duties as assigned Qualifications What you can bring to Meridian: Education: Bachelor’s degree or Fellow Designation from the Academy of Healthcare Management (AHM) is required Experience: Experience with business process definition and modeling preferred Experience with business requirements definition preferred At least six (6) months of analysis experience is preferred Skills: Strong verbal and written communication skills Proficiency with MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio) Detail-oriented Strong interpersonal skills Abilities: Ability to relate business requirements to existing systems or operational processes Ability to facilitate meetings and give presentations Ability to balance multiple projects simultaneously with supervision Ability to work independently or with a team What Meridian can offer you: Our healthcare benefits include a variety of PPO plans that are effective on the first day of employment for our new full-time team members. Opportunity to work with the industry’s leading technologies and participate in unique projects, demonstrations, conferences, and exclusive learning opportunities. Meridian offers 401k matching that is above the national average. Full-time MHP employees are eligible for tuition reimbursement towards Bachelor’s or Master’s degrees. Meridian Health Plan was named Detroit's 1 Fastest Growing Company by Crain's Magazine, so it is a great time to get involved with Meridian."
2581,Business Analyst, Junior Business Analyst,": Our ideal candidate is passionate about Business Analysis, self-starter and should be able to work with minimal supervision. The Business Analyst will be responsible for eliciting and documenting requirements, acting as a Subject Matter Expert on system capabilities, understanding the overall business need, defining the requirements, and participate in solutions. The Business Analyst must be proactive, have great attention to detail, and strong communication and facilitation skills. Responsibilities: Gather information from current documentation, understand the application and ensure that the documentation is up-to-date. Being able to run SOAP requests and understand and decipher the responses Experience reading and writing SQL Communicate with the business community on functional design options and costs using the appropriate level of detail Run effective meetings with cross-functional teams encouraging participation from all attendees Conduct formal and informal presentations Demonstrate well prepared, stakeholder-focused written communication Communicate complex concepts and data in an easy-to-understand manner Elicit, document, and maintain functional, non-functional, and system requirements Conduct Interviews and JAD sessions with stakeholders, demonstrating: Interviewing techniques Active listening skills Asking the right questions Effective problem solving and discovery skills to understand “real” issues/needs and build rapport Ensure requirement traceability from business requirements through UAT Identify and manage constraints, assumptions, dependencies, and risks Lead the review of partner or client documentation to ensure integration cohesiveness Set stakeholder expectations to ensure activities will run smoothly and they work toward a common goal Responsible for project scope, expectations, and oversight during all phase of the project lifecycle Act as post-launch Subject Matter Expert for internal and external contacts Acquire knowledge of business processes, business objectives and applications of the client program Devise application program solutions based on business problems, including: Requirements documentation Graphical representations Presentations that describe the desired solution or product feature Perform analysis of solution options, research alternative solutions and deliver proposals with recommendations to key stakeholders Work with technical teams to refine solutions based on the features, architecture, and constraints of the relevant platforms Conduct pre-sales assessment and proposed solution activities with prospective clients and product management Troubleshoot technical issues in both production and non-production environments Demonstrate technical capabilities Mentor others on new technologies, design techniques, application enhancements May assist in interviewing Requirements: 3+ years of experience as Business Analyst Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or equivalent experience Detail oriented with strong organizational skills Interpersonal skills including the ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong elicitation and Interviewing skills Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong analytical ability and demonstrated an understanding of the concepts in the BABOK® Ability to learn quickly and willingly Ability to adapt and embrace change Ability to determine the difference between Functional and Non-Functional requirements Demonstrated ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously Strong SQL skills Auto or Credit Card industry experience desired but not required"
2582,Business Analyst, Junior Business Analyst,"Summary of Position The Business Analyst is the liaison between cross-functional teams and is responsible for supporting the development of divisional improvement initiative projects from conception through deployment, inclusive of analysis, requirements definition, testing, and dissemination of project information. This individual should be able to bring abstract concepts of business intelligence (BI) to general understanding for the company. The Business Analyst is also responsible for preparing reports to be used for ongoing key performance initiatives, optimization of processes and reports, as well as data sets that are utilized for monthly financial performance and operational analysis. Essential Functions Physical presence in the office to accomplish these tasks, meet and work with others Subject matter expert of divisional operations and systems. Develops and maintains business line performance reporting. Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, tasks and workflow analysis. Execute analytical projects in support of business line operations. Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs. Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and maintain business processes effectively. Utilize your experience in using enterprise-wide requirements definition and management systems and methodologies required. Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously. Defines, builds and manages processes to enhance the value of internal and external data. Develops functional requirements of systems to improve quality, performances, external interfaces and constraints. Strong analytical and project management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Work closely with IS development team and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs. Develops functional requirements of systems to improve quality, performances, external interfaces and constraints. Outline requirement specifications with the use of standard templates. Establishes responsible deadlines and personal work plans and manages time effectively. Review requirements with the business, elicit feedback, integrate feedback into requirements as necessary. Conduct user acceptance testing to ensure the system can be used easily, quickly and accurately and that all identified requirements have been met. Perform other duties as assigned. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, or sit for up to eight hours; use hands to manipulate or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; talk or hear. The employee must occasionally lift or move office products and supplies, up to twenty pounds. Experience Required At least 3 years’ experience. Experience working with internal and external customers. Demonstrated experience with current systems analysis principles, methods, procedures, tools and techniques. Proven ability to communicate effectively with displayed levels of knowledge, skills and responsibilities. Education Required Bachelor’s Degree in Business Analytics or related field."
2633,Business Analyst,"Fresh Grad - ServiceNow Service Catalog Junior Business Analyst - Travel
Required","Who we are? With more than 190,000 people, Capgemini is present in over 40 countries and celebrates its 50th Anniversary year in 2017. A global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, the Group reported 2016 global revenues of EUR 12.5 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. Learn more about us at. www.capgemini.com/us-en/ Rightshore® is a trademark belonging to Capgemini Within Capgemini, the Cloud Infrastructure Services business provides leading solutions to large global customers through an integrated global sales and delivery model. We are a global team of committed professionals who advise, transform and run client IT services. We help organizations meet their business goals by transforming and managing their IT infrastructure landscape – leveraging innovations notably in automation and the cloud. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini now or in the future Location: Anywhere USA, near a major airport Travel : 50% Fresh graduate with a IT or related degree welcome to apply. The focus of your role within Capgemini, what you do: Gathering information related to service requests, service catalog and functions from multiple sources; contracts, process documents, data definitions, direct interviews and workshops with business subject matter experts Develop and analyze functional requirements for systems implementations, integrations and orchestrations and assist converting the functional requirements into ServiceNow technical design Perform quality reviews to ensure requirements are documented properly Business Analyst in collaboration with clients and ServiceNow architects and developers assists in the implementation of IT Service Management practices within ServiceNow Platform based on Capgemini and industry standards Liaising with and interacting between business subject matter experts and IT development staff to facilitate the development of IT solutions Design, test and transition Service Management and Service Integration solutions within ServiceNow Platform Assist with designing and executing E2E trainings, process documents and UAT Assisting Delivery teams to rectify issues and improve service delivered to the customers against ServiceNow Platform Qualifications What you Bring: Experience Fresh graduates with an IT or related degree, welcome to apply. We will train. Experience of ServiceNow is highly preferred and 1 years of overall ITSM/SRM/Service Catalog/ITIL experience Demonstrated understanding of ITIL practices Experience with user acceptance testing (UAT), including test script creation, execution and signoffs Familiarity of automation solutions (IoT, Cloud, orchestrations etc.) is preferred Experience participating in software development lifecycle from business requirements and/or technical design documents Skills and Certifications Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong presentation development and Customer Presentation skills Successful teamwork experience Some familiarity with Service Desk Operations and Processes ITIL certification is preferred Bachelor Degree is preferred What we offer: Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini America Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are EEO/AA employers. Capgemini conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era, special disabled and other covered veteran status. Capgemini is a Drug-Free Workplace employer. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage veterans and active military service personnel to apply. LI-CV1"
2650,Business Analyst,JR SQL Developer / Business Analyst,Microsoft Office Suite Understands XML specifications Knows the basics of SQL queries Oracle certification is a plus Solid Requirement / Functional / Technical Documentation skills Great communicator – written and verbal communication skills are required Team player that has the ability to facilitate group conversations Self-starter that can take lead with minimal direction Excellent communication skills
2652,Business Analyst, Jr. Business Analyst,"The Junior Business Analyst will gather, document and manage business requirements, work instructions, process flows and standard operating procedures across all functions. This position will require a project management skill set and the ability to interact with internal and external customers. This includes reviewing and assessing documentation requests, conducting needs analysis, documenting business cases and managing the change management process. Essential Duties/ Responsibilities: Job Responsibilities: Analyse, interpret, and process data for projects and reports, utilizing client and Touchpoint systems. Expertise in Microsoft Office applications, particularly Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook in order to create presentations and reports for both daily and executive-level use. Work with stakeholders to proactively identify qualitative improvements and calculate quantitative benefits of implementing proposed projects Set and manage documentation standards for the program - version control, record retention, naming conventions and templates Work with the business stakeholders to rationalize and prioritize the business requirements Analyze and document the current-state business processes (standard operating procedures, process flows, work instructions) as well as identify and document future business processes including opportunities for process improvements Field and respond to documentation questions from internal and external customers Complete program set up tasks in various systems in project or program launch or update Assist District Manager in new hire process: provide communication and administrative support for recruitment, interviewing, and training Coordinate with IT staff on project application, phone management, data management, and reporting Communicate program updates to project team as appropriate Coordinate logistics with external partners Assist District Manager in creation and maintenance of S.O.P. documents as required in support of projects Maintain documentation of team members’ attendance (time off trackers, schedules, etc.) Contribute to solutions to resolve any arising issues or challenges to success of project Manage logistics for training sessions, internal or external meetings, stakeholder visits, etc. Maintain project files and reports Education/Experience: Bachelor’s degree required 2+ years in a business analyst role a plus 2+ years as a project manager or coordinator a plus Experience in the life sciences a plus Skills & Knowledge Proven experience defining and documenting technical requests, process flows and standard operating procedures Experience project managing multiple, concurrent documentation projects Experience with formal SDLC documentation Knowledge and experience with process re-engineering, analysis and modeling Exceptional interpersonal, presentation and communication skills; able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical customers at all levels Knowledge in sales force automation and/or contact center technology Familiarity with different requirements gathering tools and techniques Proficient in the Microsoft Office Suite Abilities: Strong customer service focus, high sense of urgency and quality driven Ability to work collaboratively and cohesively as a member of a team environment, or as a leader of the team Know when to raise red flags and work with project managers and/or executives to raise critical issues that will impact client delivery Be able to ask clear and thoughtful questions to complete assignments that are high-quality and “client-ready” Outgoing personality; self-starter able to work interactively and independently with stakeholders Ability to work on multiple tasks at any one time while maintaining high quality standards Ability to communicate and translate complex concepts and processes into easy to understand and concise terms to customers Willingness to travel to client sites as necessary About Us At Touchpoint, a Publicis Health Company, our vision is to continuously aspire to design, develop, and deliver industry leading healthcare solutions that accelerate patient access to enable the best possible outcomes. Publicis Health and its business units specialize in the sales and promotion of pharmaceutical brands, services, and products through field and inside sales. Our Culture When you join Touchpoint, you have the opportunity to work with and learn from leaders in the health care industry. Our commitment to a team-oriented culture and value-based leadership model provides an environment where our employees can work to their full potential. All opportunities with Publicis Health business units offer competitive compensation including a comprehensive medical benefits package, 401-k benefits, and the opportunity to grow with the nation's leader in healthcare sales. One of our goals is to continuously drive innovation through our people by creating an open, respectful, inclusive and trustworthy work environment. We encourage and support equal employment opportunities for all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, medical condition as defined by applicable state law, genetic information, disability, military service and veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws and ordinances. Employment decisions are evaluated on the basis of an individual's skills, knowledge, abilities, job performance and other qualifications. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. Exquisite Execution PHrequency, Publicis Health’s full-service contact center, was awarded J.D. Power certification in January 2018 by providing “An Outstanding Customer Service Experience” as an Outsourcer for the Pharmaceutical live phone channel. J.D. Power’s rigorous assessment process grants certification only to organizations dedicated to the highest level of customer satisfaction. _J.D. Power 2017 Certified Contact Center Program_ _SM_ _recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc._ Follow Us On Social Media! www.touchpointsolutions.com https://www.linkedin.com/company/publicis-touchpoint-solutions/ https://twitter.com/pTouchPoint"
2658,Business Analyst,"Jr. Business Analyst - Langhorne, PA","The Junior Business Analyst will gather, document and manage business requirements, work instructions, process flows and standard operating procedures across all functions. This position will require a project management skill set and the ability to interact with internal and external customers. This includes reviewing and assessing documentation requests, conducting needs analysis, documenting business cases and managing the change management process. Essential Duties/ Responsibilities: Job Responsibilities: Analyse, interpret, and process data for projects and reports, utilizing client and Touchpoint systems. Expertise in Microsoft Office applications, particularly Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook in order to create presentations and reports for both daily and executive-level use. Work with stakeholders to proactively identify qualitative improvements and calculate quantitative benefits of implementing proposed projects Set and manage documentation standards for the program - version control, record retention, naming conventions and templates Work with the business stakeholders to rationalize and prioritize the business requirements Analyze and document the current-state business processes (standard operating procedures, process flows, work instructions) as well as identify and document future business processes including opportunities for process improvements Field and respond to documentation questions from internal and external customers Complete program set up tasks in various systems in project or program launch or update Assist District Manager in new hire process: provide communication and administrative support for recruitment, interviewing, and training Coordinate with IT staff on project application, phone management, data management, and reporting Communicate program updates to project team as appropriate Coordinate logistics with external partners Assist District Manager in creation and maintenance of S.O.P. documents as required in support of projects Maintain documentation of team members’ attendance (time off trackers, schedules, etc.) Contribute to solutions to resolve any arising issues or challenges to success of project Manage logistics for training sessions, internal or external meetings, stakeholder visits, etc. Maintain project files and reports Education/Experience: Bachelor’s degree required 2+ years in a business analyst role a plus 2+ years as a project manager or coordinator a plus Experience in the life sciences a plus Skills & Knowledge Proven experience defining and documenting technical requests, process flows and standard operating procedures Experience project managing multiple, concurrent documentation projects Experience with formal SDLC documentation Knowledge and experience with process re-engineering, analysis and modeling Exceptional interpersonal, presentation and communication skills; able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical customers at all levels Knowledge in sales force automation and/or contact center technology Familiarity with different requirements gathering tools and techniques Proficient in the Microsoft Office Suite Abilities: Strong customer service focus, high sense of urgency and quality driven Ability to work collaboratively and cohesively as a member of a team environment, or as a leader of the team Know when to raise red flags and work with project managers and/or executives to raise critical issues that will impact client delivery Be able to ask clear and thoughtful questions to complete assignments that are high-quality and “client-ready” Outgoing personality; self-starter able to work interactively and independently with stakeholders Ability to work on multiple tasks at any one time while maintaining high quality standards Ability to communicate and translate complex concepts and processes into easy to understand and concise terms to customers Willingness to travel to client sites as necessary About Us At Touchpoint, a Publicis Health Company, our vision is to continuously aspire to design, develop, and deliver industry leading healthcare solutions that accelerate patient access to enable the best possible outcomes. Publicis Health and its business units specialize in the sales and promotion of pharmaceutical brands, services, and products through field and inside sales. Our Culture When you join Touchpoint, you have the opportunity to work with and learn from leaders in the health care industry. Our commitment to a team-oriented culture and value-based leadership model provides an environment where our employees can work to their full potential. All opportunities with Publicis Health business units offer competitive compensation including a comprehensive medical benefits package, 401-k benefits, and the opportunity to grow with the nation's leader in healthcare sales. One of our goals is to continuously drive innovation through our people by creating an open, respectful, inclusive and trustworthy work environment. We encourage and support equal employment opportunities for all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, medical condition as defined by applicable state law, genetic information, disability, military service and veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws and ordinances. Employment decisions are evaluated on the basis of an individual's skills, knowledge, abilities, job performance and other qualifications. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. Exquisite Execution PHrequency, Publicis Health’s full-service contact center, was awarded J.D. Power certification in January 2018 by providing “An Outstanding Customer Service Experience” as an Outsourcer for the Pharmaceutical live phone channel. J.D. Power’s rigorous assessment process grants certification only to organizations dedicated to the highest level of customer satisfaction. _J.D. Power 2017 Certified Contact Center Program_ _SM_ _recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc._ Follow Us On Social Media! www.touchpointsolutions.com https://www.linkedin.com/company/publicis-touchpoint-solutions/ https://twitter.com/pTouchPoint"
2675,Business Analyst,Junior Business Analyst,"Macmillan Learning is looking for a Junior Business Analyst to join the Boston finance team. The position will be responsible for providing Finance and Administrative support for Boston Editorial and other local employees. This individual will also provide support for Humanities list in the form of author royalty review, reporting, analysis, investment review, and modeling. Other responsibilities will include ad-hoc reporting, Administrative and Business Development support. This role will also serve as the local A/P point person, financial systems expert, and a general financial/accounting resource. This role will work with the Facilities lead to plan, review, and help manage the Boston Admin budget. Responsibilities: Financial support of local Humanities Editorial Lists (reporting, analysis, modeling, investment and royalty review) Support consolidation, auditing, and reporting of digital 3rd Party sales. Help improve and eventually work towards efficient, scalable process. Boston A/P point person; also will be responsible for processing Finance/Facilities payments and help local employees with account coding (+possible training). Possible financial support of gift card and author travel programs. Other financial responsibilities will include participation in special projects, ad-hoc reporting, and occasional support of Business Development Plan, review, and help manage Admin/Facilities and 3rd Party digital hosting budget Local Administrative support Skills/Experience Required: Proven excel and systems experience will serve as the foundation for working with Sr. Director to provide meaningful financial reporting to Humanities Editorial group. Strong sense of pride and attention to detail in delivering quality customer service in a timely fashion. Willingness to learn new skills and take advantage of professional development. Publishing knowledge and basic accounting experience preferred College Degree required"
2691,Business Analyst, Junior Business Analyst,"Job Description: At Global Partners, an Application Analyst provides technical guidance to a department or business unit regarding software tools and applications. We have an opportunity to assist in the support and development of RightAngle, an ETRM (Energy Trade Risk Management) software tool utilized in various functions within Global Partners. Prior experience in the Oil & Gas industry or with RightAngle is not required, we will train candidates who desire to become hands-on technologists with a customer service mindset and will dedicate themselves to mastering an industry leading application. Responsibilities System Analysis, Development & Support Provide end-user support and training, release/upgrade support and testing. Work with peers, clients and 3rd parties in resolving software problems. Collaborate in the design, development and deployment of enhancements. Create documentation, data interface design, data migration and reconciliation Provide orientation and training to end users for all modified and new systems. Business Analysis Support solution design sessions enhance business processes and operations. Analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems and process, when appropriate, rebuild them Create process models, specifications, diagrams and charts to translate conceptual user requirements into functional requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible to developers/project team. Qualifications: 0 - 3 years in IT, software, or related disciplines Knowledge of programming and/or query languages, ie. .Net or SQL Knowledge of Databases, ie. SQL or mySQL Demonstrated knowledge of general computing technologies, OS, Server, Network, Outstanding Customer service attitude & communication skills Previous Interns/Co-op experience a plus Strong communication skills both oral and written Formal Education Required: Bachelor's Degree in the field of computer science, software engineering or management information systems We are an equal opportunity employer. We consider applications for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, citizenship status, genetic information or any other legally protected status."
2746,Business Analyst,"Jr Health Consultant, Apprentice Business Analyst","The Apprentice Business Analyst will work as an integral part of a dynamic team along with peers and senior staff. This individual will support multiple projects, primarily facilitating both statewide Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and school based annual Medicaid cost settlement efforts for state health Medicaid agencies, while serving as a primary client contact on these engagements. S/he must produce quality work, meet client goals and expectations, and develop solutions to client problems in a timely manner. Must be able to draw sound conclusions based on data analysis and communicate findings effectively, both in person and in writing. PCG is a fast paced, energetic environment with dedicated professionals who are passionate and committed to the core values of the organization. Successful candidates must be willing to operate in both a team situation and autonomously with minimal supervision. They must possess strong skills in the areas of interpersonal communication, analysis, critical thinking, attention to detail, multi-tasking, and oral and written communication. This Apprentice Business Analyst will work on the Health Care Financial Services team, supporting projects in health care-related financial analysis and application development providing productized and analytical solutions for state Medicaid agencies, public and private health care providers, and state health agencies. Facilitate statewide Medicaid initiatives in a team environment Gathering and analyzing various types of data; Defining, documenting, and improving business processes; Conducting policy and other research; Conducting financial analysis for various clients Medicaid/Medicare cost reports, and/or revenue projections; Providing project management support to colleagues, Consultants, and Managers; Preparing and presenting written/verbal status reports for clients; Coordinating project requirements and client expectations; Preparing, managing, and documenting daily correspondence, written, verbal and e-mail, to clients and their stakeholders; Participating on proposal development teams, including writing sections, coordinating efforts and preparing proposal submissions; and Other responsibilities, as necessary. Other Requirements: Ability to work on-site daily in the Phoenix office; and Ability to work overtime; and Ability to travel to client sites (up to approximately 30%). Essential Qualities: Strong analytical, interpersonal, organizational, research, presentation, time management, problem-solving, and oral and written communication skills; Intellectual curiosity, enthusiasm, and eagerness to learn; Ability to take initiative, and move daily work forward; Detail-oriented, problem solving approach to business issues; Ability to follow, critically evaluate, and improve upon current processes; Good judgment in prioritizing and completing tasks, and in seeking guidance, when needed; Commitment to exceptional client service and contribute in a team environment; Dedication to accomplishing goals and challenges presented by clients and management, and accountable for results; Ability to interact with various levels of management and with clients; and Ability to see the big picture while working at the detailed level to move projects forward within specific timeline and budget. Mandatory Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree; High Proficiency in Microsoft applications, in particular Tableau, Access, and Excel. Preferred Qualifications: Familiarity with Medicare and/or Medicaid policies and procedures; Knowledge of Medicare/Medicaid cost report templates; Prior experience working with health insurers, hospitals, or state health agencies; Core interest in health care, government, or public consulting; General knowledge or experience in business administration, state and local government, health insurance payment systems (particularly Medicaid); LI-HM1"
3238,Machine Learning, Junior Quantitative Researcher,"About Akuna: Akuna Capital is a young and booming trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialize in providing liquidity as an options market-maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. Our Founding Partners, Andrew Killion and Mitchell Skinner, first conceptualized Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened the firm’s first office in 2011 in the heart of the derivatives industry and the options capital of the world – Chicago. Today, Akuna is proud to operate from additional offices in Sydney, Shanghai, and Boston. What you’ll do as a Junior Quantitative Researcher at Akuna: Akuna’s Quantitative Trading and Research team is looking to add Junior Quant Researchers to a team of mathematicians, statisticians and technologists. This team creates trading strategies scientifically by combining its quantitative expertise with sophisticated understanding of derivatives and financial markets. We are looking for talented researchers who can apply and develop machine learning algorithms to contribute to Akuna’s strategy portfolio. In this role you will: Develop trading strategies using statistical and machine learning algorithms Help identify, design, backtest and optimize low latency strategies using big data Build metrics to evaluate strategy execution and perform post trade analysis Design and implement optimization algorithms for portfolio construction Develop quantitative models describing market behavior Advance existing initiatives and explore opportunities for new research topics Qualities that make great candidates: Masters or PhD in a technical field – Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics (or a related subject) must be completed upon employment Expertise in statistics and machine learning Experience working with large datasets, especially tickdata Experience building mathematical models for complex real-world problems Intermediate programming skills in Python (C++ is a plus) Financial experience is not a requirement"
3301,Machine Learning, Analyst (Junior),"Quadratic, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Richards Group, provides advanced analytics, digital analytics, data solutions, and relationship marketing services to more than 100 class-leading clients across a wide range of verticals. We’re searching for a new statistical analyst who shares our passion for data, analysis, modeling, learning, and continuous improvement. Like all team members, this person must be incredibly curious, empathetic, sincere, and hardworking. Quadratic requires a healthy balance between thinking and doing, between detail orientation and out-of-the-box thinking. Our clients’ needs are constantly evolving, and our charter is to help them move forward. We hold dear the notion that if you are not failing, you’re not trying hard enough. The analyst will use their experiences, knowledge, and passion for learning to solve diverse business problems for clients, helping them make better decisions. The position requires experience working with a range of mathematics techniques, from linear algebra to statistical modeling to machine learning. You can expect to work with enterprise, digital, marketing, and research data in a collaborative environment. Based on which approach has the most merit, Bayesian inference, belief networks, structural equation modeling, hidden Markov modeling, random forests, latent class, DoE, factor analysis, principal component analysis, k-means clustering, CART, and CHAID might all be in a day’s work. The ideal candidate will have fluency in statistics software coding (R, SAS, Stata, Python, etc.) and maybe even a little Java or C++ in their toolkit. Responsibilities Use data analytics software (SQL, SAS, R, etc.) to clean and organize large data sets to be used in analyses Design, diagnose, and deploy statistical models using a statistical software package such as R, SAS, or Stata Develop test plans in conjunction with media teams to support campaign objectives Perform ad hoc quantitative analyses to answer unique and challenging business questions Adapt and learn to help answer the question at hand in the best way possible Effectively present project deliverables to internal stakeholders and clients with varying levels of technical expertise Requirements Degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, economics, engineering, or physics, or relevant work experience Two or more years of professional experience preferred Three or more years of building and implementing statistical and/or machine learning models (OLS, logistic regression, time series, HLM, neural networks, CHAID, etc.) Advanced level of experience in at least one data statistical software package and data manipulation platform (R, SAS, Stata, SQL, Python, etc.) Knowledge of common marketing analytics techniques such as media mix models, multivariate testing, A/B testing, segmentation, and attribution algorithms is desired Highly organized, with the ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Ability to work independently and within a team structure to discuss methodology, results, and recommendations Ability to present findings and recommendations in a clear and compelling way A healthy passion for finding meaning in our lives"
3462,Machine Learning,Junior Quantitative Researcher- Machine Learning,"About Akuna: Akuna Capital is a young and booming trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialize in providing liquidity as an options market-maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. Our Founding Partners, Andrew Killion and Mitchell Skinner, first conceptualized Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened the firm’s first office in 2011 in the heart of the derivatives industry and the options capital of the world – Chicago. Today, Akuna is proud to operate from additional offices in Sydney, Shanghai, and Boston. Akuna Boston opened in the Fall of 2015. The team is comprised of a small group of Quant Developers and Researchers who are focused on building a world- class data and research platform. The team also collaborates with other quant and trading groups on projects that encompass data collection, statistical analysis, and strategy optimization. What you’ll do as a Junior Quantitative Researcher at Akuna: Akuna’s Quantitative Trading and Research team is looking to add Junior Quant Researchers to a team of mathematicians, statisticians and technologists. This team creates trading strategies scientifically by combining its quantitative expertise with sophisticated understanding of derivatives and financial markets. We are looking for talented researchers who can apply and develop machine learning algorithms to contribute to Akuna’s strategy portfolio. In this role you will: Develop trading strategies using statistical and machine learning algorithms Design and implement optimization algorithms for portfolio construction Advance existing initiatives and explore opportunities for new research topics Qualities that make great candidates: Masters or PhD degree in a technical field – Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics (or a related subject) must be completed upon employment Expertise in statistics and machine learning Intermediate programming skills in Python (C++ is a plus) Experience of working on practical applications with real-world datasets Financial experience is not a requirement"
3625,Artificial Intelligence,Junior Software Developer,"What’s better than the opportunity to build cutting edge new software tools? The opportunity to do so as an entry level team member in a job with 40 hour work week. At Spectrum, we pride ourselves not only on our great software but our fantastic work-hard-play hard mentality in which our Junior Software Developers can not only work in the fabulous city of Chicago, but actually explore and enjoy it too. So if you’re a creative programmer looking to work on products that matter to real life customers within exciting new spaces like that of artificial intelligence, please, read on. Responsibilities Beyond working with state of the art technology, you will have many different fantastic projects to work on as a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum. Here are just a few different responsibilities you can expect off the bat: Work closely with management, end-users and IT peers to develop new applications or enhancements to existing applications. Utilize the .NET Framework and best practice software design practices in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Research, plan, design and develop new applications, maintaining existing code, working on new enhancements and features, writing, tuning and debugging SQL stored procedures for use with web applications. Collaborate with other developers and management, sharing ideas during team meetings, and learning from senior developers. Work with source code control systems. Participate in code reviews with other team members to ensure development guidelines and security standards are met. Code against cloud service APIs to optimize and automate the development workflow. Some Characteristics That Define You As a Junior Software Developer in Spectrum’s agile development environment, you will have an array of different roles both in and outside of your core team. As such, here are just a few traits that should define you: Forward Thinking. Peeking into the future is a day-to-day occurrence in the software department at Spectrum. It’s important that you’re always considering what’s coming next, and how we can get there. Candid. At Spectrum our goal is simple—growth. In order to grow our software, our team, and ourselves, it is essential that you are honest and open with your ideas and your opinions. Problem Solver/Puzzle Lover. As a developer, you love finding that needle in a haystack we call a bug, and being the first to solve tough problems. Analytical. In order to solve problems and build innovative new tools, it is essential that you know how to take an idea and analyze it from all of its angles. Detail-Oriented. When you work with long lines of code all day, it only makes sense that you’re extremely detail-oriented, ensuring that everything will run smoothly and efficiently. Business-Savvy. Beyond the wicked development skills you bring to the table, we also want you to consider the business implications of our software tools. From the ways our team will use them to how our customers will use them, we always want you to keep the user and the business application in mind. Required Skills and Experience On top of the many intangible skills you bring to the table, there are many skills that can help improve the efficiencies and success of your work at Spectrum. Here are a few of those required skills and experience that you will come in with as a Junior Software Developer on our team: A bachelor’s degree/pursuing a bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information systems, or a related field. .NET/C Microsoft SQL HTML and CSS Visual Studio Written and verbal expression Building REST clients JavaScript/JQuery A version control system (Git, SVN, etc.) CSS frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, etc.) MVC design pattern and object-oriented programming Razor or similar markup language Benefits As a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum there are a ton of fantastic perks and benefits that come along with your work. Here are just a few of the benefits you can expect when joining the Spectrum family: Comprehensive medical & dental insurance Retirement planning & company matching Generous PTO, including sick days & holidays A state-of-the-art office environment Nintendo Switch in-office gaming such as FIFA, Arms, Mario Kart, and Rocket League Year-round gym memberships Paid continuing education Casual dress code Flexible scheduling Free-Lunch-Friday Company sponsored parties and group activities outside of the office"
3705,Artificial Intelligence, Junior Solution Architect - Presales,"Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. Our ability to deliver Operational Excellence means that we are always ready and able to help our clients address whatever challenges they face, wherever they are in the world. We also place great emphasis on understanding and meeting the needs and priorities of our clients, including their sustainability objectives. Atos wants to engage with students from different backgrounds, geographies and cultures, offering development opportunities to progress and shape the careers of the leaders of tomorrow. We are currently seeking college graduates from both Bachelor & Masters Graduate Programs to become part of our Digital Transformation community; designing & delivering the most innovative solutions to our clients implementing new & upcoming technologies in the areas of Public, Private & Hybrid Cloud, Digital Workplace & Transformations, Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence, SAP HANA, Codex and many other emerging domains. Job Summary: As a member of the Presales team, the college recruit will participate as an integral part of the pursuit team; engaging under the different Solution Architect & Solution Director roles in anticipation of identifying the best fit given skillset & areas of interest. The new recruit will act as the expert in projects across the solution lifecycle supporting mainly bids but key projects as well. The primary tasks for this role are: Deliver an end to end solution design including costing & migration, ensuring the IT Architecture solution aligns to the business requirements of the client in the most cost-effective and innovative manner. Validate the solution and its deliverability with the Atos organization and other 3rd parties where applicable. Become specialized in several aspects (technical, procedural, operational) in at least one Atos delivery domain such as Adaptive Workplace, Managed Infrastructure, Cloud Services, IOT, Machine Learning, Network & Communications, Applications Operations, Identity, Security & Risk Management, etc. Additional Tasks: Requirements Analysis: Participate in architectural requirements gathering sessions as it pertains to bid. Conduct gap analysis between client’s requirements and Atos offering capabilities. Develop the transformative storyboard translating client’s journey from Current Mode of Operation through Future Mode of Operation in alignment with the client’s business objectives Change Management: Assess impact of any changes of client requirements and impact to solution design throughout lifecycle of bid; ensure changes are mapped according to solution design and risk is documented. Remain current with new technologies and innovations and recommend new technologies when appropriate. Primary focus should be on integrating automation based on client’s requirements & budget allowance. Understand Atos’ offshore plans & strategies and implement accordingly in solution designs. Create and maintain vendor relationships to stay abreast of technology and maximize opportunities for utilizing these technologies and creating a competitive advantage. Procure costing information and quotes as necessary for the technical solutions designed. Contribute to technical presentations, Bill(s) of Material, and Scope of Work contracts for clients, partners and prospects. Assist in Support of Business Development opportunities as requested. Serve as the key interface to Service Delivery to assure solution acceptance. Key Relationships & Interfaces: Daily opportunity - centric leadership will come from Sales leads, Solution Directors, Finance Directors and Bid Managers. Expected to provide opportunity-centric Subject Matter Expertise within field of expertise to members of the solution and costing teams. Key focus is on developing credibility with clients in face-to-face situations; this is a client facing role. Establish good working relationships with all delivery contacts within area of focus Educational Background: College degree (Bachelor’s or higher) from accredited institutions in IT, Computer Science or relevant related field. Less than 3 years removed from college graduation Required Knowledge, Skills & Attributes: Maintain certifications relevant to job role Able to work independently and as part of a team applying knowledge, skills and expertise as needed Demonstrates strong communication and interpersonal skills. Plans and organizes own work accurately. Undertakes assignments in a systemic manner. Demonstrates ability to plan and manage complex projects from planning to execution. Applies quality standards to all tasks undertaken and ensures nothing is overlooked; attention to detail. Demonstrates ability to follow & comply with Atos governance policies & procedures. Strong aptitude in MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word), Outlook, and database/collaboration type platforms. Detail oriented Flexible and able to multitask Ability to meet strict deadlines Ability to work well with people of varying backgrounds and disciplines. Proactive; self-starter Travel required: 50%"
3908,Artificial Intelligence,Junior Java Full Stack Engineer,"AppZen has developed the world’s first artificial intelligence (AI) solution for business process automation. AppZen’s AI for business solutions uses patent-pending Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision and machine learning algorithms to analyze data and automate functions. Our technology is used to automate business processes for both small and large enterprises, including fortune 50 organizations. The data science-based technology automatically detects accidental and intentional fraud, providing real-time compliance to IRS rules, FCPA regulations, and general company policies. We are looking for a Junior Backend Engineer with exceptional skills to work on the backend of our AI-powered solution developed in Python. Must-haves: 2-3 years of experience in a Cloud/SaaS company Expert in Java Working knowledge of Celery, Kafka and Spark Working knowledge of Java Spring Development using OWASP principles Experience with RestFul APIs Self starter who can be productive from the first day Excellent communication skills Applicants must be authorized to work in the US."
3963,Deep Learning, Junior Producer Trainee,"Description We’re looking for four applicants to join the inaugural class of labcamp, a three-year paid program where we’ll mentor the next generation of producers. Producers at thelab own client relationships and projects from start to finish. This program will train you in the variety of skills required for the role, such as project management, client services, and more. From print, digital, and video to creative and web development, you’ll become well-versed in all our departments and disciplines, helping to unite our diverse staff, represent our company, and execute world-class work. Successful applicants will be hard-working, driven people with a positive attitude who are looking to break into the industry. Salary Salary milestones are transparent and the same for all participants, so you’ll know what you’ll be making each year of the program. Details will be provided upon invitation to the interview process. Objective This program will immerse you in all of thelab’s departments and capabilities, providing you with a comprehensive understanding of how a creative production agency functions. The first year of the program will expose you to a wide variety of clients, mediums, and workflows. After year one, we’ll begin to transition you into the department or account that you’ve shown strength in. How it Works You and three peers will start this hands-on entry-level development program at the same time. A 3-year commitment is required. During your first year, you’ll spend three months with each of the four main departments of our agency. At the end of each period, there will be formal reviews and feedback sessions with the project sponsors. At the end of each period, you’ll present your learnings with your peers and the program leads. After year one, you’ll be assigned to a single department or account, based on what you’ve shown a propensity toward and the company’s needs. You’ll Be/Have An interest in advertising, project management, developing client relationships, and all things digital Organized with excellent attention to detail Strong communication skills, including written, verbal, and an empathetic disposition A team player who is also willing to go above and beyond when necessary Excited by new challenges and opportunities to learn Interested in learning and mastering new software Take ownership of your work and always strive to improve A self starter who isn’t afraid to research a problem yourself and ask questions A recent college grad or someone who is looking for a career change Ego free Cover letter explaining your interest in the role. We want to understand who you are and why your personality will be a good fit for the company. About thelab We’re an agency of makers with deep expertise in solving creative, production and technology challenges. Our focus is on making better work to help brands work better, and our production roots ensure that every great idea gets delivered right. From branding & design, photoshoots and video production, ecommerce builds or anything in between, thelab mixes inspiration and hard work to produce results that mean business. Oh, and we host a mean barbecue too."
5377,Data Quality Manager,"JR. PRODUCT LINE MANAGER, BASKETBALL","For 70 years, PUMA has developed fast products for the fastest athletes on the planet. Every day, our 13,000 employees across 120+ countries rally our SPEED & SPIRIT to deliver the iconic footwear, apparel and accessories capable of pushing sport and fashion forward. The PUMA world extends across Football, Running, Training, Fitness, Golf, Motorsports and design collaborations with icons such as Rihanna. But wherever you are, whether it's on the pitch, the runway or in the streets, the PUMA touch is instantly felt in the undeniable joy and excitement we bring to sport, fashion and culture. The PUMA Group owns the brands PUMA, Cobra Golf and Dobotex and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany. Assist, lead and manage future global growth of Basketball Apparel category. Possess basic knowledge of industry trends, consumer profiles, retail markets, and the competitive landscape. Assist the overall POD teams (design/development) in the creation of tactical product executions and innovations that position PUMA as the leader in Basketball. Participate in executing and implementing overall Basketball product line initiatives. Manage and execute to designated calendar milestones. Facilitate in communication with all parts of the organization once PLM Basketball team members are travelling. Analyze and report category business performance monthly. Assist with overall industry analysis, market research, consumer research and competitive analysis. Maintain all of the product information systems ensuring excellent data quality. Present all of the ranges, both internally to Puma merchandising and sales, and externally to key retailers / partners. Assist with Product Catalogue preparation, sell in tools preparation and set up at internal meetings. Liaise with PUMA promotion partners to ensure best product service according to athlete needs. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or Finance. Credible knowledge of basketball apparel, and/or sports apparel market place as well as basketball consumer trends and market dynamics. General basic knowledge of international retail environment. Excellent communication and speaking skills. Strong leadership skills. High initiative, high energy, passionate, decisive, eye for detail, confident. Strong analytical, overall business orientation. Ability to frame and defend an alternative position General technical product knowledge. Ability to convincingly present category knowledge using PowerPoint and spreadsheet software tools. SPEED & SPIRIT is what we look for in our candidates, defined by some simple values that inspire us to BE DRIVEN in our performance, BE VIBRANT in our sporting legacy, BE TOGETHER in our team spirit, and BE YOU to let our individual talent and experience shine. Applying for a job at PUMA is easy. Simply click APPLY ONLINE and follow the steps to upload your application. PUMA is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of PUMA to prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type and to afford equal employment opportunities to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, gender, physical or mental disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.For additional information, please contact: us- hrrecruiter@puma.com"
5483,Big Data Engineer,Junior Data Engineer,"Do you geek out on new technology? Are you a techie like Elliott on Mr. Robot? Then come to this very prolific media broadcasting company and help create and deliver content so compelling it entertains, informs, and shapes the world! From The Office to the Kardashians, the Minions, SNL, & the Olympics, they produce a diverse portfolio of entertainment to a global audience. These are the wizards who innovate and bring our content to life in media and in world- renowned theme parks! As the gears of company, the Engineering department is responsible for leading the design, implementation & support of all technology, software and infrastructure for Global Media Operations and Production Operations, while ensuring reliable content delivery and origination. Transform existing bodies of technical data into usable models within a new configuration data database. This configuration data is essential to the operation of on-air systems that leverage the latest technologies in Broadcast Engineering: Video over IP, virtualization, Master Control automation systems, non-linear editing, and Internet distribution. Use that first-hand experience to contribute to improvements of the platform’s various user interfaces. The ideal candidate is highly technical, likes the challenge of solving problems, is creative with processing data, and is interested in “tip-of-the- spear” and “first-of-a-kind” technology and strategic projects. Required Skills & Experience Familiarity with scripting, software development, programming. Python, JavaScript are ideal. Strong confidence with Microsoft Excel, comfort with other Microsoft Office software Working knowledge of IP networking concepts Strong attention to detail and appreciation for accurate documentation Strong verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated; an independent worker who also performs well in a collaborative environment Positive and professional attitude Willingness to learn and embrace new technology Desired Skills & Experience Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or Engineering helpful, but not necessary Experience with AutoCAD and Visio helpful Familiarity with baseband video signal flow, standards, and common video infrastructure Ability to handle a multi-project work environment and manage time accordingly What You Will Be Doing Daily Responsibilities Work with engineering and operational partners to collect and understand data, as well as drive project priorities Understanding conceptual and signal flow diagrams Manage existing documentation, ensuring changes to systems are correctly captured and documented Interface on a technical level with colleagues to understand design choices, workflows, configurations, etc. The Offer $35/hour Contract Duration: 6 – 12 Months You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Workbridge Associates, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 11 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients."
5528,Big Data Engineer,IBM Mainframe Support Engineer - Junior,"Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Job Description Details: Mainframe systems programmer for IBM z/OS (MVS) operating systems to support all aspects of product installation, task and software documentation, data set naming convention, installation process, data copy and migration techniques, coding, dynamic activation and interrelationships with other PARMLIB or APF library members, product administration, change/problem management, implementation techniques, and hot site disaster recovery exercise documentation and demonstration. Task specific requirements include, but are not limited to, those identified below. Recent graduate for entry level analyst who has basic knowledge of IBM mainframe MVS software/hardware/operations/processes. Supporting z/OS 2.2 in DB2 and SAP environment Performance monitoring using IBM’s SMF, RMF, Omegamon Knowledge of z/OSMF IBM’s SMP/E software products installation and maintenance utility process. IBM’s Job Control Language (JCL) and utility programs (i.e. IEBGENER) to maintain z/OS software products. TSO ISPF panels. IBM’s SDSF, DFSMS, RACF. SAS Roles & Responsibilities - Provide technical support (install, customize, upgrade, administration, problem resolution, disaster recovery etc). Demonstrated skills in working with Remedy Problem/Change Management Systems, including EMIT Incident Management process. On Call duty rotation every 6-8 weeks. Strong communication skills to prepare presentations for management and work with vendors. Will be part of an integrated support team of ~10 MVS technical experts. Self starter and willingness to learn advanced MVS concepts via self study and on the job training by experienced team members. Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities."
5820,Data Warehousing, Junior IT Data Scientist,"Junior IT Data Scientist - BEC010223 About Us At Beckman Coulter, we are dedicated to advancing and optimizing the laboratory. For more than 80 years, we have been a trusted partner for laboratory professionals, helping to advance scientific research and patient care. We do challenging work on a global scale, and are invested in growing our associates’ careers. We embrace continuous improvement, and are passionate about moving science and healthcare forward. We have a vital role at Beckman Coulter: our focus on innovation, reliability and efficiency has led us to become the partner of choice for clinical, research and industrial customers all over the world. Beckman Coulter is a Danaher company, operating in two industries: Diagnostics and Life Sciences. Description Senior IT for Data Science Position Description: The Senior IT Data Scientist will join the Business Intelligence and Analytics team to build and support predictive analytics frameworks for the company. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in analytical, data mining and predictive tools and will identify and propose innovative solutions for various business functions such as Sales, Logistics and Finance. What you’ll do: Translate business questions and apply statistical models and analyses to answer business questions in an actionable and reproducible manner. Create statistical models, machine learning and other techniques to predict customer churn, delays in order delivery, invoices that will be disputed etc. Leverage SQL and other programming languages to acquire the data to analyze in ad hoc analyses. Perform data profiling to identify and understand anomalies in data. Automate data analysis and streamline analytical processes Provide recommendations based on data trends uncovered when possible Describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of business partners, and work directly with them refining models and deliverables Requirements: A degree in Data Science, Statistics, Economics, Math, Computer Science or other relevant fields. Bachelor’s Degree with 5+ years of experience in predictive data analytics/statistics, or Masters Degree with 3+ years, or PhD 0-2 years. Expertise in data science tools/techniques: R, Python, SPSS, data mining, etc or similar software. Significant experience with modern ML frameworks like Theano, TensorFlow, etc. Experience with relational databases and SQL Experience with modeling structured and/or unstructured data, leveraging such techniques as penalized regression, multilevel modeling, ensemble models, or time series models Experience with a variety of supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with both technical and non-technical counterparts An entrepreneurial mindset with a willingness to go the extra mile to find solution and overcome roadblocks Experience in AWS toolset preferred. Experience with Big Data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Pig, MapReduce preferred Experience with ERP, data warehousing concepts, cloud systems like Salesforce, ServiceMax preferred Qualifications Senior IT for Data Science Position Description: The Senior IT Data Scientist will join the Business Intelligence and Analytics team to build and support predictive analytics frameworks for the company. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in analytical, data mining and predictive tools and will identify and propose innovative solutions for various business functions such as Sales, Logistics and Finance. What you’ll do: Translate business questions and apply statistical models and analyses to answer business questions in an actionable and reproducible manner. Create statistical models, machine learning and other techniques to predict customer churn, delays in order delivery, invoices that will be disputed etc. Leverage SQL and other programming languages to acquire the data to analyze in ad hoc analyses. Perform data profiling to identify and understand anomalies in data. Automate data analysis and streamline analytical processes Provide recommendations based on data trends uncovered when possible Describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of business partners, and work directly with them refining models and deliverables Requirements: A degree in Data Science, Statistics, Economics, Math, Computer Science or other relevant fields. Bachelor’s Degree with 5+ years of experience in predictive data analytics/statistics, or Masters Degree with 3+ years, or PhD 0-2 years. Expertise in data science tools/techniques: R, Python, SPSS, data mining, etc or similar software. Significant experience with modern ML frameworks like Theano, TensorFlow, etc. Experience with relational databases and SQL Experience with modeling structured and/or unstructured data, leveraging such techniques as penalized regression, multilevel modeling, ensemble models, or time series models Experience with a variety of supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with both technical and non-technical counterparts An entrepreneurial mindset with a willingness to go the extra mile to find solution and overcome roadblocks Experience in AWS toolset preferred. Experience with Big Data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Pig, MapReduce preferred Experience with ERP, data warehousing concepts, cloud systems like Salesforce, ServiceMax preferred BECKRSR Danaher Corporation Overview Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $18.3B in revenue last year. We are ranked 162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P; 500 by more than 1,200% over 20 years. At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization : Beckman Coulter - Diagnostics Job Function : Information Technology Primary Location : North America-North America-United States-CA-Brea Schedule : Full-time"
5885,Data Warehousing,"Junior Data Warehouse Developer (til June 30, 2019)","Organizational Overview The SEIU 775 Benefits Group is a family of employee benefit plans negotiated and sponsored by SEIU 775, the labor union for long-term care workers in Washington State & Montana. We are leading the transformation of home care into a thriving career and helping to prevent the coming care crisis. With 10,000 people turning 65 every day in the U.S., there are not enough qualified, trained workers to care for the exponential rise in older adults needing care. Through groundbreaking initiatives, the SEIU 775 Benefits Group, together with its union and employer partners, are ensuring that Washington state home care workers have access to the skills and support they need to stay and grow in the field. Position Summary Reporting to the Director of Technology, the Junior Data Warehouse Developer will help solve a variety of technical database challenges and work directly with the Business Analytics and Technology Solutions teams to support the development and maintenance of the organization’s data warehouse. If you want to make a difference in the lives of home care workers and the seniors and people with disabilities they support, we want to hear from you! You Will: Develop and maintain the data warehouse Design stable, reliable and effective databases Optimize and maintain legacy systems Plan and coordinate data migrations between systems Modify databases according to requests Work with developers to improve applications and establish best practices Develop technical and training documentation Ensure all database programs meet organization and performance requirements Demonstrate analytical thinking and problem-solving skills to troubleshoot database issues Develop data marts in the data warehouse based on provided business logic You Have: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 3+ years of PL/SQL experience 3+ years of experience working directly with data warehouses Understanding of ETL methodologies, Business Intelligence, and Data Warehousing principles, approaches, technologies, and architectures including the concepts, designs, and usage of data warehouses and data marts Experience building data solutions with Amazon Web Services, such as S3, RDS, Redshift and Aurora Strong understanding of traditional Data Warehousing principles and architecture Experience working in an Agile/Kanban model The ability to demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills and be able to interact with all levels of business and IT organizations A team-oriented mindset, ability to manage multiple priorities, follow a project plan, and meet project delivery dates Strong organizational ability with excellent decision making, analytical, problem solving, and presentation skills __ _The SEIU 775 Benefits Group is an equal opportunity employer and offers an exceptional compensation and benefits package._"
5952,Data Warehousing, Platform - Junior Software Engineer,"Bizible is looking for a Junior Software Engineer to join our platform engineering team. This is a rare opportunity to join a dynamic, agile engineering team at a rapidly-growing SaaS company. You will work with a broad set of technologies, get exposure to all aspects of Bizible’s platform and ship to production early and often. You will have the autonomy to build and design solutions our customers love on top of terabytes of data. You will be a critical member of the team who will be trusted with our most meaningful engineering problems. Preferred Qualifications 1+ years of software development experience at major technology companies and/or software startups Deep Understanding and demonstrated usage of C and the .NET framework and/or Java Experience with large datasets, data warehousing, complex ETL processes, NoSQL and other non-relational databases Knowledge of cloud-based SQL-based datastores like BigQuery and Redshift Real passion for solving complex customer problems using data Experience designing, building, and maintaining high-scale, enterprise-grade distributed systems B.S. in Computer Science About Bizible Bizible is a fast growing company pioneering the marketing attribution space with a product that enables B2B marketing teams to align with sales and make decisions based on revenue, which our customers love. Benefits include: Fully paid health, dental, and vision insurance No formal limit on paid vacation 401K, free lunches, and transportation benefits Paid maternity and paternity leave Fun, flexible work environment with 4.9/5 Glassdoor rating Named the 3rd Fastest Growing Company in the INC 500 Work in GeekWire’s 1 “coolest startup spaces in Pioneer Square” Named the 9th best company to work for in Washington by Seattle Business Magazine We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
6320,Technology Integration,Test & Evaluation Lab Technician- Junior Level,"Seattle,Washington,United States 6L9CN2 Boeing is seeking a Test & Evaluation Lab Technician to join our Metrology and Test Equipment Services (MATES) team. This position is located in Seattle, WA. Metrology And Test Equipment Services (MATES) provides a full spectrum of test asset and metrology services and support for internal customers and products through all phases of the product lifecycle. Services include: test asset selection and use, acquisition, allocation, resource and lifecycle management, calibration/certification for over 600,000 dimensional/optics, electrical/electronic and mechanical/physical measurement and test assets, sourcing management, measurement solutions, repair & maintenance and specialized test services. Responsibilities: Supports activities to plan, conduct and document tests on products, systems, components, materials, and manufacturing processes and technologies Designs systems, materials, components, software and methodologies to meet customer requirements Participates in test design and performs routine procurement, fabrication and assembly of components, test fixtures and test systems Supports the coordination of test requirements and assists in reviewing test methods and capabilities Facilitates systems integration, fabrication and modification; supports system pre-test setup, integration, checkout, and post test tear-down Conducts routine tests, analyzes data and documents results Troubleshoots and recommends resolution of basic laboratory and test-related problems Works under general supervision. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): AA degree in related discipline and typically 1 or more years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Electrical experience, ideally with DC low voltage Experience working in a test environment Calibration experience Typical Education/Experience: AA degree in related discipline and typically 1 or more years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. This position is based in Seattle, WA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No Engineering Test and Tech Individual Contributor Yes No Standard United States; The Boeing Company"
6429,Technology Integration, Junior Product Owner - Integration Services,"Kibo, a global leader in omnichannel commerce, enables retailers and brand manufacturers to sell anywhere and fulfill everywhere. Our multi-tenant SaaS suite of software powers $7B in commerce annually for over 400 clients. We focus exclusively on mid-market merchants with a solution set built for scale and growth that doesn’t sacrifice usability and flexibility. Our team of industry professionals partner with our clients to ensure that they are leveraging the latest and greatest in best practices and technology and together, we are shaping the future of retail. As we continue to build out our suite and integrate our solutions to each other and to the ecosystem of technology vendors in the retail space, we are searching for a high energy, technically savvy Product Owner who will be responsible for furthering the integration of Kibo products and building out the infrastructure we use to allow third parties to integrate to Kibo. This role will be responsible for co-developing, with the Product Manager, the strategy for Kibo’s “Development Center” the integration portal into our applications. Once the strategy is formulated, the Product Owner is responsible for the implementation of Kibo’s strategy and requirements. This Product Owner will have a distinct focus on development tools and own a technical space. While gaining knowledge of the eCommerce space, this Product Owner will also have the opportunity to work with top technical talent and learn the skills of working in SaaS architecture. This will include but is not limited to: KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Take lead of scrum teams as the Product Owner Work closely with Product Management to create, maintain and prioritize a product backlog according to business value or ROI Provide vision and direction to the Agile development team and stakeholders throughout the project Create detailed requirements/use cases and ensure that the team has tasks lined up ahead of sprints Assess value, develop cases, and prioritize stories, epics and themes to ensure work focuses on those with maximum value that are aligned with product strategy Provide backlog management, iteration planning, and elaboration of the user stories Lead the planning product release plans and set expectation for delivery of new capabilities Provide an active role in mitigating impediments impacting successful team completion of Release/Sprint Goals Keep abreast with Agile/Scrum best practices and new trends 1+ years of experience as a Product Owner or Business Analyst. Bachelors degree in Computer Science, IT or business systems strongly preferred Thorough understanding of agile/scrum methodologies Excellent written and verbal communication skills with customers, business and technical team members across the organization Knowledgeable in technology, ideally in SaaS software Strong interpersonal skills and an effective communication style Ability to effectively communicate and work in a distributed environment with colleagues located in different geographical regions and across various levels of departments and organizations to facilitate meetings with a business and a technical audience"
6443,Technology Integration,Junior SQL Data Developer,"Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interaction s with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more atwww.conduent.com. If you meet the requirements of this position and want to work for a world- class company with a great marketplace reputation, apply today. Title: Junior SQL Data Developer Position Overview: Defines data processes and procedures to satisfy requirements. Defines operating procedures and metrics via available elements in production databases, and assist with related communications. Responsible for troubleshooting and resolution of technical issues, and escalates to management as needed. Develops working relationships with internal stakeholders to ensure seamless delivery on specific tasks, special projects and/or participant issues. Primary Responsibilities: Design and implement complex SQL procedures against various production databases for decision support purposes Responsible for the integration of applications like Tableau with production databases Development and monitoring of data migration/transfer processes utilizing SQL Server, flat file manipulation, FTP utilization, and UNIX servers Develop working relationships with internal stakeholders to ensure seamless delivery on specific tasks, special projects and/or participant issues. Participate in internal communications on standard processes and reporting. Troubleshoot application and data issues and direct to the appropriate contacts. Manage complex projects and work requests with consistent accuracy and completeness. Work collaboratively and productively to troubleshoot and resolve issues. Preferred Qualifications: 1+ years SQL programming experience Experience with UNIX platforms Bachelor's degree in related fields Python experience a plus Tableau experience a plus Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the “Submit” button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form."
6576,IT Consultant,"Junior Knowledge Management Consultant with the HIV, Health and Development
Team","The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the UN’s global development network, advocating for change and connecting countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life, as envisaged by 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. We are on the ground in more than 170 countries and territories, working with governments and people on their own solutions to global and national development challenges. As they develop local capacity, they draw on the people of UNDP and our wide range of partners that can bring about results. The Bureau for Policy and Programme Support (BPPS) has the responsibility for developing all relevant policy and guidance to support the results of UNDP’s Strategic Plan and help countries to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. BPPS’s staff provides technical advice to Country Offices; advocates for UNDP corporate messages, represents UNDP at multi-stakeholder fora including public-private dialogues, government and civil society dialogues, South-South and Triangular cooperation initiatives, and engages in UN inter- agency coordination in specific thematic areas. UNDP is a founding cosponsor of the Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), a partner of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB and Malaria, and a co-sponsor of several other international health partnerships. UNDP’s work on HIV, health and development, as described in the HIV, Health and Development Strategy 2016-2021: Connecting the Dots, leverages UNDP’s core strengths and mandates in human development, governance and capacity development to complement the efforts of specialist health-focused UN agencies. UNDP delivers three types of support to countries in HIV, health and development. First, UNDP helps countries to mainstream attention to HIV and health into action on gender, poverty and the broader effort to achieve and sustain the Sustainable Development Goals. For example, UNDP works with countries to understand the social and economic factors that play a crucial role in driving health and disease, and to respond to such dynamics with appropriate policies and programmes outside the health sector. UNDP also promotes specific action on the needs and rights of women and girls as they relate to HIV. Second, UNDP works with partners to address the interactions between governance, human rights and health responses. Sometimes this is done through focused or specialized programmes, such as promoting attention to the role of the law and legal environments in facilitating stronger HIV responses, including the use of flexibilities in intellectual property law to lower the cost of drugs and diagnostics. UNDP also works to empower and include marginalized populations who are disproportionately affected by HIV, such as sex workers, men who have sex with men and people living with HIV. Beyond these focused efforts, UNDP plays a key role in ensuring attention to HIV and health within broader governance and rights initiatives, including support to municipal action on SDGs, sustainable responses for Health and HIV such as improving sustainability of AIDS financing, sustainable health procurement, strengthening of national human rights institutions and increasing access to justice for key populations. Third, as a trusted, long-term partner with extensive operational experience, UNDP supports countries in effective implementation of complex, multilateral and multisectoral health projects, while simultaneously investing in capacity development so that national and local partners can assume these responsibilities over time. The UNDP/Global Fund partnership is an important part of this work, facilitating access to resources for action on SDG 3 by countries that face constraints in directly receiving and managing such funding. UNDP partners with countries in crisis/post-crisis situations, those with weak institutional capacity or governance challenges, and countries under sanctions. When requested, UNDP acts as temporary Principal Recipient in these settings, working with national partners and the Global Fund to improve management, implementation and oversight of Global Fund grants, while simultaneously developing national capacity to be able to assume the Principal Recipient role over time. Objective of the assignment: Provide support to the Global Fund/Health Implementation Support Team (GF/HIST) in the following areas: Knowledge management to ensure online tools and databases are current; Implementation support and capacity development for large-scale health programmes; Resource mobilization and support to partnerships for health and development programmes. Duties and Responsibilities Under the supervision of the Senior Porgramme Specialist, GF/HIST (New York), the consultant will focus on supporting UNDP’s partnership with the Global Fund and other health donors, and will undertake the following: Specific Deliverables and Activities: Support the review of Global Fund and UNDP policies, procedures for the production of guidance materials, tools for UNDP Business Units implementing health programmes; Based on discussions with GF/HIST Programme, Finance, M &E, Procurement and Legal specialists, ensure the Health Implementation Manual is regularly up to date and reflects the latest guidance; Support the dissemination of the guidance materials to UNDP Business Units through webinars, meetings and to conduct surveys to obtain feedback from users; Support the Finance Team in the collation of results from special risk management initiatives, including the audit regime for Country Offices and Sub-recipients; Support the global tracking of health portfolio results and identification of key results for dissemination through case studies, updating of the UNDP Capacity Development Toolkit, and other modalities; Support to the GF/HIST in the maintenance of key team management tools, meetings with regional bureaus, and planned events; Coordinate requests from UNDP Business Units for United Nations Volunteers (UNVs) and develop communication materials and support in the development of proposal development; Support to programme grant start up, including support to development of grant documents (Performance Framework, budget, SR agreements, etc) where UNDP has been confirmed as the Principal Recipient for GF and other health programmes, and ongoing programme implementation and programme closures; Support activities to strengthen collaboration with new health partners, including Gavi; Contribute to proposal development through the innovation and impact hubs for additional resources; and Any other tasks as assigned by the Senior Programme Specialist. Travel: There is no anticipated travel for this assignment. In the case of unforeseeable travel, payment of travel costs including tickets, lodging and terminal expenses should be agreed upon, between UNDP HHD Team and the Individual Consultant, prior to travel and will be covered and paid by UNDP. The fare will always be “most direct, most economical” and any difference in price with the preferred route will be paid for by the expert. UNDP will not cover any costs associated with moving to the duty station. If applicant is requesting for such coverage the cost to be calculated and included in the financial proposal. Evaluation: Applicants will be screened against qualifications and competencies specified below through a desk review. Applicants will be evaluated based on a cumulative analysis method that combines the results of technical and financial evaluation results. Technical Evaluation Criteria (maximum 70 points): At least 2 years of progressive relevant professional experience supporting proposal development to raise resources for development programmes (10 points); Work experience from a developing country an asset (15 points); Work experience with the UN/UNDP system (15 points) Experience in data analysis and presentation an asset (15) Experience in the development of research and writing assignments (10 points); Knowledge of an additional UN language is an advantage (5 points) Fluency in spoken and written English is required for this consultancy. Financial Evaluation Criteria (maximum 30 points): p = y (µ/z), where p = points for the financial proposal being evaluated y = maximum number of points for the financial proposal µ = price of the lowest priced proposal z = price of the proposal being evaluated Payment Method: Payment will be based on timesheet and certificate of payments, based on the all-inclusive daily fee and upon certification by the direct supervisor Competencies Organizational Competencies: Demonstrates integrity by modeling the UN’s values and ethical standards; Promotes the vision, mission, and strategic goals of UNDP; Displays cultural, gender, religion, race, nationality and age sensitivity and adaptability. Functional competencies: Systematic, organizational, analytical skills, thorough and attention to details; Demonstrated ability to think fast in a logical and organized manner; Highly proficient in the use of IT; Excellent negotiation, communication and networking skills; Excellent multi-tasking abilities and ability to remain calm and work under pressure. Partnership building and team work: Client oriented and assists in identifying solutions to problems; Demonstrated well developed people management skills; Strong ability to work with teams; creating an enabling environment and supporting colleagues; Demonstrated flexibility in a multi-cultural environment. Communications and Advocacy: Demonstrated ability to write clearly and convincingly; Good research and writing skills with demonstrated ability to think strategically; Excellent capacity to communicate clearly and concisely; Strong inter-personal, negotiation and liaison skills. Required Skills and Experience Education: Master’s Degree or equivalent in Public Health, International Development, Economics/Management, Development Studies or related field Experience: At least 2 years of experience working in support of development programmes with academic training in related areas; Experience in the development of research and writing assignments; Work experience with the UN/UNDP system; Experience in data analysis and presentation; Experience in the usage of computers and office software packages. Language Requirements: Fluency in both written and spoken English. Knowledge of other UN language, an asset. GUIDELINES FOR APPLICATION: Interested applicants are advised to carefully review this advertisement and ensure that they meet the requirements and qualifications described. Qualified candidates are requested to apply online via this website. The application should contain: Cover letter explaining why you are the most suitable candidate for the advertised position; Signed and Updated Personal History Form (P11). The template can be downloaded from this link: http://sas.undp.org/documents/p11_personal_history_form.doc). Letter to UNDP Confirming Interest and Availability indicating all-inclusive daily rate Please note that our system only takes one attachment. Therefore, kindly scan all your documents into a single PDF file to upload. Please note that the financial proposal is all-inclusive and shall take into account various expenses incurred by the consultant/contractor during the contract period (e.g. rent of dwelling, fee, health insurance, vaccination, visa costs and any other relevant expenses related to the performance of services...). All envisaged costs (except of the unforeseen travel costs for missions, if any) must be included in the financial proposal. Unforeseen travel costs for missions, if any, will be paid separately according to UNDP rules and regulations Security: Individual Consultants are responsible for ensuring they have vaccinations/inoculations when travelling to certain countries, as designated by the UN Medical Director. Consultants are also required to comply with the UN security directives set forth under https://trip.dss.un.org Incomplete applications will not be considered. Please make sure you have provided all requested materials. Due to large number of applications we receive, we are able to inform only the successful candidates about the outcome or status of the selection process. Link to Annex 1: General Terms and Conditions http://www.undp.org/content/dam/undp/documents/procurement/documents/IC%20-%20General%20Conditions.pdf Click here for important information for US Permanent Residents ('Green Card' holders). UNDP is committed to achieving workforce diversity in terms of gender, nationality and culture. Individuals from minority groups, indigenous groups and persons with disabilities are equally encouraged to apply."
6975,IT Systems Administrator,Junior Systems Administrator,"Groups is a rapidly growing, mission-driven healthcare company that provides affordable, evidence-based treatment for opiate addiction. Our model uses two of the most powerful tools for recovery: group therapy and medication-assisted treatment with buprenorphine. Our approach takes the best parts of AA (accountability and community) and combines them with the latest medical science and technology. The Systems Administrator position will be part of the team responsible for supporting IT systems across our distributed, national organization. This position enables the efficient operation of clinics and a seamless, modern patient experience. This role works with our other IT Operations team members and reports to our IT Operations Manager. This role is a distinctive opportunity for aspiring IT professionals seeking professional development, in an innovative and high-growth start-up: we are building an organization that can scale to meet the size of the epidemic, and our systems make this growth possible and sustainable. This position supports our email, network, phone system, IT asset management, and electronic medical record (EMR) systems across these main areas: Operations and Support: Provide technical and troubleshooting assistance related to computer hardware and software, mobile devices, cloud printers, and network infrastructure. Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible concerns. Create, change, and delete user accounts per request. Configure and update hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. Assist with new hardware and software system roll-outs. Account Provisioning: Setup and test new user accounts and ensure new employees are on boarded efficiently. Troubleshoot new employee issues and ensure smooth organizational systems introduction. Qualifications: Bachelor degree, ideally with a technical major, such as engineering or computer science 1 - 2 years systems support or systems administration experience preferred Flexible: You can juggle multiple tasks and priorities, and thrive in environments with ambiguity and rapid change all without breaking a sweat Patience: You can work with a diverse group of people with varying degrees of technical facility with a helpful, friendly demeanor Great at prioritizing: You can separate out what really matters from the noise. You prioritize ruthlessly and don’t get distracted by what isn’t mission critical A well-rounded and creative problem solver: You’re excited to tackle a range of problems, from remotely troubleshooting a network outage to effectively teaching employees how to use a new system– all in the span of an average Monday morning Passionate about our mission: You are looking to join a mission-driven team and culture, and are willing to go above and beyond to get the job done Ability to travel infrequently but as needed Ability to work remotely You are the ideal candidate if you have: Experience with Google Admin services, ChromeOS, Zendesk, AV endpoint software Experience with Windows/MAC management Comfort and familiarity with networks - WiFi/router/VPN/ISP configuration Knowledge of HIPAA and related security requirements Experience with multi-site operations and remote support Experience with EMR systems and/or clinical application support is a big plus Excellent troubleshooting skills"
7004,IT Systems Administrator, Jr. Systems Administrator & Desktop Support,"As the Jr. Systems Administrator, you will be tasked with maintaining the flow of day-to-day IT operations within the office. An ideal candidate would be a former Apple Genius with at least 2 years of experience as we are a 98% Apple shop. Candidate should have the ability to work in a fast paced environment, be highly organized with the ability to focus and prioritize. Responsibilities Perform help desk tasks and assist employees with any IT related issues Create new, remove, and perform maintenance on all user accounts Provision and prepare new employee equipment Learn internal DailyLook systems and support systems in Technology Manager's absence The following skills are required: Setup, installation, configuration and troubleshooting of client Macintosh hardware and OS. Knowledge of Adobe Software (Photoshop, Indesign, etc). You don't have to have design experience, just be able to troubleshoot application issues. Familiarity with business technology peripherals such as copiers, printers, scanners, projectors, iPhone, etc. Fundamental understanding of TCP/IP networking: DNS, DHCP, subnets, IP addressing. Understanding of network hardware components: Routers, switches, WAPs, etc. Familiarity with email servers: IMAP, SMTP, ActiveSync/Exchange EXTRA POINTS: Apple certification is highly preferred, but is not required. Windows & Apple Server experience is a HUGE plus. Compensation This is a full-time on site salaried position, with a solid potential for career growth in a stable company. This is contract position initially turning into employee with full benefits. We provide excellent 401k Benefits with full matching, medical, dental, & vision benefits, a casual work environment, and much more."
7046,IT Systems Administrator, Jr Systems Administrator,"Take your career to new heights. Come join us at MORI Associates and help us support the most exciting projects at NASA/Johnson Space Center. As a Jr Systems Administrator you will be part of a dedicated team of diverse professionals creating and supporting cutting edge solutions for our client’s critical missions. MORI is a mid-sized nationwide company founded in 1997 with the ideals that creating an agile organization full of innovative and passionate people will progress science and technology for all life on earth. We focus on offering a complete range of services from strategic consulting to the development of Information Systems and providing advanced engineering solutions. Now, let’s see if this opportunity is the right challenge for you. POSITION DESCRIPTION The Infrastructure and Operations Section (IOS) Jr. Systems Administrator will provide engineering, implementation, and maintenance of a server and storage infrastructure. The ideal candidate is team oriented with strong interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills. Candidate must be self- motivated and customer focused with excellent communication and time management skills. Essential Functions are as follows: Perform system administration duties on Windows servers and Linux servers. Analyzes, designs, develops, tests, installs, configures, operates, patches, secures, maintains, and administers IT, or application/software systems . Responsible for a variety of duties such as; design, development, installation, maintenance, and administration of complex devices and systems; or analysis, design, development, installation, configuration, operation, maintenance and administration of IT hardware and software components and systems; or design, development, modification, testing, and implementation of software programming applications including web applications. Proficient technical knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within the IT domains. Participate in technical test reviews and analysis of developed and implemented systems. Relies on experience and pre-established guidelines to perform functions of the job. Follow and enforce system administration best practices. Contribute to the best practices effort by documenting new standards as needed; attention to detail is critical. Responsible for the accuracy and timeliness of projects published/released. Follow and monitor project/maintenance schedules and meet project/maintenance deliverable. Meet with team leads to ensure coordination of project/maintenance goals, objectives, priorities, status, and concerns; reporting also required. Works under an immediate supervisor. Must have the ability to adapt to a fast paced environment. Must possess a high degree of initiative and self-motivation Perform other duties as assigned. This position requires US Citizenship. BS degree in computer science (or related) with one year of experience or an Associates degree in computer science (or related) with three years of experience; all experience must be relative to the position including experience with a variety of operating systems including Microsoft client/server operating systems or variety of Linux operating systems. Windows Server 2008 and 2012 experience or Linux/Unix experience is required. Must have a demonstrated proficiency in system administration, system testing, and maintenance implementation. Must have the ability to analytically solve problems that may arise and determine preventative measures. Applicant must be willing and able to work weekends and/or evenings as projects demand Desired Specify:Industry Standard Microsoft, Linux, Unix, Cisco and/or WMWare Certifications"
7059,IT Systems Administrator,Jr. Network Administrator - Review Begin...,"This is a mid-level, professional staff, full-time position in the City's Information Technology Department. The individual in this position is responsible for administering and managing assigned Network Components, as directed by the Director of Technology & Innovation or his designee. This may include WAN, LAN, Wireless WAN and Telephony systems. Examples of Work: Provide network support and maintain the intended use of IT Services and infrastructure. Administer and manage all Network Components by applying technological information obtained through training, experience and reference materials. Administer and manage the City's Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) telephony system, mobile devices, cell phones, pagers, facsimile lines, and networked copiers/printers. Configure Cisco Callmanager, Cisco Unity, Cisco UCCX , Cisco ASA, Cisco ACS , LogMeIn Central, Zscaler Cloud Proxy, Cisco WLAN Controller, Cisco MDS, Cisco Catalyst switches, HP Procurve switches, and Cisco routers. Familiarity with Server and VMware infrastructure including but not limited to vSphere, vCenter, and VMware View; able to configure virtual networking within the VMware cluster as well as iSCSI and fabric connectivity to the EMC Cx4 SAN. Function as a lead worker performing essentially the same work as those directed and oversee work quality, training, instruction and work scheduling. Develop and/or implement recommendations regarding policy, develop customer satisfaction, develop cooperative associations and utilize resources to continuously improve customer satisfaction. Perform other related duties as assigned. Subject to 24 hour recall. Education, Experience, or Certification: An Associate's degree from an accredited college or university, technical, business, vocational or correspondence school in information systems, computer science or a closely related field and a minimum of three years relevant professional experience are required. CCVP, CCNP, CCNA, A+ and MCSE certifications desired. Supplemental Information: The City of Missouri City compensates employees according to a salary schedule that enables movement through a market based salary range. Generally, a new employee's salary begins at or near the beginning of the range."
7063,IT Systems Administrator, Jr Network Administrator,"Overview Triple-S Steel is a general line service center with special emphasis in the construction markets.. The Junior IT Network Admin will be responsible for monitoring the network firewalls, assessing the functionality of the network routers, ensuring all Internet security software is updated regularly. The Network Admin will perform a wide variety of evaluation, maintenance, installation and training tasks to ensure the computer network performance meets company and user satisfaction. Responsibilities Responsibilities: Maintain a thorough understanding of the basics behind the Internet and its workings (DNS, Security, IP Routing, HTTP, VPN, Email Routing, SPAM, etc.) Configure Cisco and Riverbed network equipment. Provide support to service-desk as needed. General Data Center operations administration. Create and maintain documentation of system and network configurations in a consistent and timely manner. Globally, administer all aspects of the computer network to ensure company needs are met. Follow all company safety policies and procedures. Plan, implement, administer and maintain security related activities. Respond to change productively and handle other duties as required. Communicate internally within the IT department to ensure proper execution of tasks. Additional Responsibilities: Follow all company safety policies and procedures and organizes work areas for efficiency and safety. Provides status reports to management as required. Respond to change productively and handle other duties as required Qualifications Education and Experience: Technical Degree in Network Administration, preferred. 1-3 years' experience in Network and/or Server maintenance or related experience and/or equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred: Working knowledge of company LAN/WAN/WLAN, servers, switched networks, firewall, helpdesk and network performance metrics. Experience with Active Directory, Cisco/switched environment (LAN/WLAN/WAN), Cisco ASA firewall, ShoreTel IP phone system. Experience with VMware a plus."
7092,IT Systems Administrator,Junior Systems Administrator,"FUNCTION: The role of the Junior vCIO is to support the vCIO by assisting with projects and handling escalations. This role is customer-facing while proving technical support. Maintaining a good rapport with the client and the internal staff is a key component of this role. RESPONSIBILITIES AND AUTHORITIES: Daily NOC Admin duties, i.e. patching, antivirus/antimalware updates, scheduling reboots, monitoring and managing alerts and tickets, monitoring disk space, monitoring stale computers Owning all tickets in the portal. This includes advising the Help Desk and NOC as well as managing escalated tickets Troubleshooting user issues on workstations, servers, and some networking Onsite troubleshooting as needed Identify areas of opportunity for hardware and project work Assisting with tasks in projects as requested Onboarding new clients, including setting up workstations and gathering network information Update tickets and project management in a timely manner Communicating with client and internal staff with updates Oversee contractors and manage the tasks assigned to them 25% - Work on escalated tickets 25% - On-Site Support 20% - Assist with projects 15% - Daily portal maintenance 15% - Administration, paperwork, research RELATIONSHIPS: MNS Team, sales personnel, service manager External Business decision makers, receptionists, IT, and office personnel, outsourced Managed Service / Cloud Providers, contractors POSITION SPECIFICATIONS 2+ Years IT Industry experience required Highly detail oriented with exceptional organizational skills. Experience assisting in projects on a team Excellent communication skills CompTIA A+ and Net+ Certifications preferred"
7093,IT Systems Administrator, Junior Systems Administrator,"Junior Systems Administrator \- (18001168) COMPANY OVERVIEW: Access Dental Services and STX Healthcare Management Services is on a journey of significant growth which involves providing business and professional management services to Dentists. The organization is focused on moving from a regional player in the Dental Services Organization (DSO) industry to a National competitor segmented into multiple regions under multiple brands. The company will experience significant growth primarily through acquisitions representing well over 150 dental offices throughout North America. Our regional brands of will represent our mission to provide cost effective quality of care. We offer an exceptional value package that includes comprehensive benefits, including: Healthcare, Vision, Dental plans Free Life Insurance Free Employee Assistance Plan Short and Long term disability FMLA FSA Paid Holidays PTO 401k JOB TITLE: Junior Systems Administrator CORE FUNCTION: This position is a non-exempt technical position that will span all aspects of the IT support function at STX Healthcare. The Systems Administrator is responsible for maintaining many aspects of the company's IT system, including Desktop, Windows Servers, and software support. This position is based at our corporate office at 4101 McEwen Road, Dallas, TX 75244. The schedule is Monday through Friday with some Saturdays. CANDIDATE PROFILE: Minimum of 1 year of IT technical support experience. Ability to travel up to 50% of the time, between Dallas/Fort Worth offices and other locations as deemed necessary. Hardware and software experience with the ability to trouble-shoot and configure systems on the company platform. Experience required with: Operating systems from XP to Server 2008 and Active Directory Services LAN administration, DNS, DHCP Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Exchange Server WIFI wireless networks IP Telophony Experience preferred with: Firewalls, VPN's and VLAN's VM Ware Linux Commitment to continuing education and remaining up-to-date in the technology marketplace Credibility; capability of generating a high degree of respect and trust rapidly from the various operating units, as well as from the corporate staff, investors, and clients. Excellent analytical, planning, and communication skills We are an equal opportunity employer Primary Location United States-Texas-Dallas Job Information Technology FLSA Status Non-Exempt Schedule Full-time Shift Day Job Job Type Standard Travel Yes, 50 % of the Time Job Posting Jul 16, 2018, 12:19:42 PM"
7147,IT Systems Administrator, Jr. Network Systems Administrator,"Our client, a multinational company that designs, manufactures, and sells networking equipment is seeking a Jr. Network Systems Administrator who meets the below requirements: Skills required - Cisco Switches, ESXi, LAN, Subnetting, Cisco UCS, RHEL, CentOS, IOS, NX-OS, IOS XR, IXIA and Spirent. Responsibilities - Set up access switches and term servers for new testbeds. Manage IP address allocation for end users. Good understanding of STP in LAN network and subnetting. Troubleshoot network connectivity problems. Set up CIMC and Install ESXi 5-6.5 on UCSs and vCSAs on ESXi hosts. Apply updates and patches on ESXi hosts and vCSA. Bare metal installation of RHEL 6.3-7.3, CentOS 6/7 Ubuntu 14/16. Basic set up of IXIA and Spirent chassis. Build new and update existing testbeds. Good understanding of Cisco hardware ASR, ISR, NCS routers, Catalyst and Nexus Switches, WLCs and APs( (Line cards, Fabric cards, and Supervisors) and UCS servers (CPUs/Memory/HDDs/SDDs/Raids/NICs). Good understanding of SFP, SFP+, XFP, QSFP, QSFP+, CFP (1G/10G/25G/40G/100G) Be familiar with Linux / Windows OS. Be familiar with Cisco IOS, NX-OS, IOS XR and basic configuration of them. Be familiar with TFTP and PXE and able load image to routers/switches from them. Be familiar with Raritan and APC PDU. ABOUT US: With over 32 years of experience providing the latest in IT solutions, dataNet IT is at the forefront of the technology industry. Our record includes thousands of successful deployments, which have helped us earn a reputation for excellence. By offering the best in products, expertise and customer service, we are able to deliver reliable and cost-effective solutions that are customized to meet the needs of individual customers."
7179,IT Systems Administrator,JR System Administrator,"JOB FUNCTION: Work within network configuration standards as they relate to AmeriTrust’s corporate direction. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 1\. Day to day operation and administration of LAN/WAN equipment such as servers, routers, switches and other equipment as needed to support AmeriTrust’s infrastructure. 2\. Function as 1st level support for network issues. 3\. Work with vendors and manufacturers to maintain up-to-date support and systems versions. 4\. Maintain up-to-date Total QualityManagement documentation on all procedural operations. 5\. Performs other duties as assigned. 6\. Ability to interact with others in a professional manner 7\. Attendance KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED TO PERFORM ESSENTIAL FUNCITONS: 1\. Associate’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent strongly desired. Bachelor’s degree preferred. 2\. At least 3 years of experience working with Microsoft Server 2003, Microsoft Exchange 2003, Cisco Router and Switch & Telephone experience 3\. Working knowledge of Client/Server applications. 4\. At least 3 years experience in a technical support role. 5\. At least 3 years experience with network configurations and trobleshooting, including networked printers. 6\. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. 7\. Excellent communication skills and be able to interact at all levels of corporate or client management as well as with vendors. 8\. Must be able to lift 50 pounds or more. 9\. Ability to adjust work schedule and work additional hours, as necessary. 10\. Sit, stand, walk/ambulatory"
7196,IT Systems Administrator,Junior Systems Administrator,"PRIMARY FUNCTION Responsible for the maintenance and support of computer systems, and assistance of local and remote users. TYPICAL DUTIES Troubleshoot problems reported by users for desktop computers, printers, mobile and desktop phones, software deployment, security updates and patches. Monitor networks to ensure security and availability to specific users. Isolate and analyze issues. Identify user needs. Maintain integrity of the network and security infrastructure. Assign permissions to company resources to users. Support LANs, WANs, Internet and Intranet systems. Performs additional duties and projects as required or directed by the supervisor. Job Qualifications: SKILL, KNOWLEDGE, EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Obtaining a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field. Pursuing MCP certification preferred. Experience in the following systems required: Microsoft Office 365 Microsoft Server 2012 Active Directory 2012 Excellent interpersonal, communication and customer service skills conducive to a help desk environment. 1-3 years of professional experience in supporting a multi-office environment preferred. Other Job Information (if applicable): PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Ability to lift 50 pounds. Ability to travel between offices. Visual acuity to perform responsibilities."
7212,IT Systems Administrator,Jr. System Administrator,"\-------------------- WHO'S IN THE KITCHEN \-------------------- We're looking for a driven and enthusiastic System Administrator who's looking for a role that will provide ample on-the-job training to take that next step. You'll spend most of your day keeping deployed equipment in our Fulfillment Center operational and troubleshooting the Mac hardware and software issues of your fellow Blue Apron team members. You love working with people and are up to task of joining a fast-growing company! \------------------ WHAT'S ON THE MENU \------------------ Support mobile devices in our Cooler and Warehouse environments Perform daily audits of deployed computers, tablets, printers are operational Provide support (sometimes after-hours) for Apple hardware, hand-held scanning devices, and label printers Diagnose and resolve hardware and software related issues Basic network troubleshooting (don’t worry we will provide training) Ensure help tickets are resolved within an appropriate timeframes; consistently update our ticket tracking system with status and fixes Perform software installs and push out patches Provisioning and deprovisioning of employee accounts Onboarding new employees Support System Administrators with ongoing projects Provide excellent customer service while doing all of the above \--------------------- NECESSARY INGREDIENTS \--------------------- You have experience providing support for macOS and iOS You have experience with Google Apps for work You have some experience with or knowledge of A/V solutions used in conference rooms (TVs, projectors, Chromeboxes, VoIP telephones) You have excellent customer service skills; you truly enjoy working with people on the daily basis and high attention to detail and accuracy Strong analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills You're comfortable constantly being on the move while responding to tickets You're motivated to learn more and take the time on your own to grow your knowledge base Demonstrates initiative and ability to work independently with little supervision"
7219,IT Systems Administrator, DPS - IT - Jr Systems Engineer,"DPS - IT - Jr Systems Engineer ( 00002564 ) Organization : TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY Primary Location : Texas-Austin Work Locations : AUSTIN HQ (MAIN) PO BOX 4087 5805 N LAMAR BLVD, AUSTIN TX 78752 Austin 78773 Job : Computer and Mathematical Employee Status : Regular Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours Per Week : 40.00 State Job Code : 0256 Salary Admin Plan : B Grade : 24 Salary (Pay Basis) : 4,917.00 - 8,060.00 Number of Openings : 1 Overtime Status : Exempt Job Posting : Aug 8, 2018, 3:44:21 PM Closing Date : Aug 22, 2018, 11:59:00 PM Description PLEASE NOTE: All applications must contain complete job histories, which includes job title, dates of employment, name of employer, supervisor's name and phone number and a description of duties performed. If this information is not submitted, your application may be rejected because it is incomplete. Resumes do not take the place of this required information. SUBMITTED THROUGH WORK IN TEXAS: Work In Texas (WIT) applicants must complete the supplemental questions to be considered for the posting. In order to complete the supplemental questions please go to CAPPS Recruit to register or login and access your profile. Go to CAPPS Recruit to Sign In https://capps.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl?lang=en The ideal candidate will have knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) processes, automation and integration. Core administration skills with both Windows and Linux environments. Knowledge of Amazon Web Services cloud computing services, products, and solutions. They should have knowledge of the use and implementation of automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Code Deploy, Code Pipeline. Most importantly the candidate should express a desire to work in a team environment, embraces collaboration and communication. GENERAL DESCRIPTION: Perform advanced (senior-level) consultative services and technical program work within the Information Technology Division. Partners with the business division to evaluate and develop short term and long term technical direction in the form of both cloud hosted and on premise strategic technology roadmaps and implementation. Work under minimal supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiate and independent judgement. The following Military Occupational Specialty codes are generally applicable to this position. Applicants must fully complete the summary of experience to determine if minimum qualifications are met. 25B, 255A, 255S, 53A, 181X, 182X, 681X, 642X, 742X, 744X, 275, 26, 030, 8848, 8858, 3D0X4 ESSENTIAL DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Partner with development and operations support staff, both internal and external vendors to assist in the implementation of software and hardware solutions. 2\. Assist with technology research and recommendations for alignment with agency tools, products and plans. 3\. Assist with the development and review Enterprise Amazon Web Services Cloud Architecture solutions. Ensuring policy and compliance standards are being met. 4\. Support the implementation of selected technology solutions by working with the project teams to ensure the selected solution continues to meet the business and technical needs to the business area. 5\. Help manage and maintain agency Cloud Program. Review of technical capabilities and development of technical roadmaps to meet the needs of the agency. 6\. Assist with the build out and implementation of Amazon Web Services cloud solutions. Ensuring Amazon Web Services and cloud hosting best practices are utilized. 7\. Help coordinate solution evaluation with agency enterprise architecture unit to ensure consistent and supportable solution selection, as well as prevent the implementation of redundant technologies. 8\. Work with COTS/DevOps administrators in support of cloud services and administration. 9\. Review documentation of applications and systems to ensure they are accurate and current. 10\. Integrate, migrate, and retire existing systems and provide guidance and support. 11\. Attend work regularly and observe approved work hours in accordance with agency leave and attendance policies. 12\. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS and REQUIREMENTS Education – Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field. Experience – Minimum of five (5) years’ experience performing work in an Enterprise IT environment performing technical work. Knowledge of current IT system capabilities and how to incorporate those capabilities into business solutions is required. _Substitution Note_ : Additional work experience of the type described or other related education may be substituted for one another on a year-for-year basis. Licensure and/or Certification – If driving is required, must possess a valid driver license from state of residence. Regulatory Knowledge – Working knowledge of, or the ability to rapidly assimilate information related to TXDPS, State and Federal regulations, legislation, guidelines, policies and procedures. Interpersonal Skills – Must demonstrate an ability to exercise poise, tact, diplomacy and an ability to establish and maintain positive, working/professional relationships with internal/external customers. Organizational and Prioritization Skills – Must be organized, flexible, and able to effectively prioritize in a multi-demand and constantly changing environment; able to meet multiple and sometimes conflicting deadlines without sacrificing accuracy, timeliness or professionalism. Research and Comprehension – Must demonstrate ability to quickly and efficiently access relevant information, and be able to utilize and/or present research and conclusions in a clear and concise manner. Presentation/Communication Skills \- Must be able to construct and deliver clear, concise, and professional presentations to a variety of audiences and/or individuals. Analytical Reasoning/Attention to Detail – Must demonstrate an ability to examine data/information, discern variations/similarities, and be able identify trends, relationships and causal factors, as well as grasp issues, draw accurate conclusions, and solve problems. Technology (computers/hardware/software/operating systems) – Must possess appropriate levels of proficiency with utilized software and systems and be able to learn new software/systems. Knowledge of current technical approaches used to deliver IT products and services to large client organizations Knowledge of Amazon Web Services cloud computing services, products, and solutions; Assist with the build out and implementation of Amazon Web Services Core Administration skills in Windows Server and/or Linux Server; Knowledge of CI/CD processes, automation, and integration; Knowledge of the use and implementation of automation tools; Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Code Deploy, Code Pipeline as required to meet the requirements of CI/CD; Skill in the integration of DevOps principles, tools, automation, and planning; Knowledge of Agile methods and practices; Knowledge of Identity and Access principles and implementation of both on premise and cloud environment; Demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook). Confidentiality and Protected Information – Must demonstrate an ability to responsibly handle sensitive and confidential information and situations, and adhere to applicable laws/statutes/policies related to access, maintenance and dissemination of information. Safety – Must be able to work in safe manner at all times, avoiding shortcuts that have potential adverse results/risks, and must be able to comply with safety standards and best practices. Travel and/or Schedule \- Availability for after-hour and weekend work is required. PHYSICAL and/or ENVIRONMENTAL DEMANDS The physical and environmental demands described here are representative of those encountered and/or necessary for the employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job; reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Environment: Office Ambulatory skills, e.g. stand, walk, sit, climb, balance, kneel, crouch; Hand-eye coordination and arm/hand/finger dexterity; Ability to speak, hear, and exercise visual acuity; Ability to transfer weights of twenty-five (25) pounds anticipated for this position; Driving requirements: Occasional (10%) State of Texas Benefits and Retirement Information: https://www.ers.texas.gov/ DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group and state title will be transferred with no salary change. DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. Salary is contingent upon qualifications and is subject to salary administration and budgetary restrictions. Travel: 5% DUE TO THE HIGH VOLUME OF APPLICATIONS WE DO NOT ACCEPT TELEPHONE CALLS, ONLY CANDIDATES SELECTED FOR INTERVIEW WILL BE CONTACTED. State of Texas retirees may be rehired for full-time, non-commissioned positions only under very specific circumstances."
7225,IT Systems Administrator,Jr. System Administrator,"Planview is looking for an individual in the Austin area with a 1-2 years of experience, maximum $20/hr, to fill a Jr. System Administrator role based in Austin, Texas, to support Planview SaaS applications within the Planview portfolio. The ideal candidate will have an entry-level to intermediate skillset with a passion to learn new IT concepts, and should enjoy working in a global team-centric atmosphere to help solve customer tickets in a timely manner with a great customer service attitude. Responsibilities Work with colleagues to support an enterprise application which primarily runs in an on-premise data center, and potentially public cloud providers in the future. Responsible for working trouble tickets, managing scripts, creating SQL jobs, and troubleshooting IIS in a hosted environment. Responsible for working with customers, prospects, and team members to diagnose client connectivity and performance issues. Participate in on-call pagerduty rotation and periodic weekend work with other team members. Qualifications 1-2 Years in a System Administration or related role Basic understanding of Microsoft IIS. Basic knowledge of Windows Server 2008/2012/2016. Basic understanding of SQL Server 2008/2012/2016. Conceptual knowledge of networking, load balancing, virtualization. Ability to clearly communicate, work with others, prioritize tasks and workload. Ability to research troubleshoot issues related to Windows, IIS, SQL and effectively communicate findings. Bonus skills: Knowledge of backup & monitoring solutions Developing scripts (eg. PowerShell) Log aggregation tools for troubleshooting, and anomaly identification preferred. Great Benefits and Fun Perks We offer highly competitive benefits packages for every lifestyle. No one likes working in a box, right? That’s why we’ve built some fun, open work environments with optional standing desks, game rooms, unlimited snacks, soft drinks, and gourmet coffee machines. Oh, and a tasty cereal bar and fresh fruit to get your day going! We believe in regular fun office events and monthly happy hours! We offer weekly onsite yoga classes, chiropractor visits and car wash services. We’re in a brand new office building with garage parking and shaded courtyards with outdoor gas grills and seating, just in case you want to grab some sun during lunch. We host daily food trucks! And because we believe in community involvement, we’re also active participants of a variety of causes, including a Planview MS150 riding team, Heartwalk, Central Texas Food Bank, Salvation Army Angel Tree and more! Planview is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer"
7246,IT Systems Administrator,Junior Systems Administrator,"America’s largest independent cardiac care practice is looking to bring on a Junior Windows Systems Administrator to their team. Ideally this individual will have strong server experience with 08-16 and Desktop 7-10. At least three years of experience with Windows, Vmware, Hyper-V, and Citrix as well as in depth experience with Office 365 is necessary. Having a background in healthcare is something that will make any candidate stand out and is strongly preferred. Some application support on their new clinical application will be needed, so it is important that one is comfortable working with PowerShell. There will be a lot of new projects to work on, such as cloud-based work, moving data centers, upgrading their network, and completing new storage arrays, which can really advance your skill set and help you become a jack of all trades. Required Skills & Experience Bachelor’s Degree Proficient with Windows Vmware/HyperV/Citrix Office 365 Powershell Desired Skills & Experience Certifications Strong communication skills Cloud-based experience What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 20% Virtualization 20% Powershell 20% Office 365 40% Other Daily Responsibilities 100% Hands On The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $75k/year, DOE You will receive the following benefits: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Paid time off Catered lunches Paternity/Maternity Leave 401(k) Holiday Hours Paid travel to other company locations Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients."
7258,IT Systems Administrator," JUNIOR SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR, SECOND SHIFT","2 nd Shift, Nights/Weekends M/T/W 3:00pm-12:00am Sat/Sunday 4:00am – 12:30pm Philadelphia, PA The Elliott-Lewis Corporation is currently seeking two highly motivated and detail orientated Jr. System Administrators to work at our contract located at the Philadelphia International Airport. The ideal candidates will be able to work second shift and weekend hours. Duties Include: Analyze, troubleshoot, and repair/replace computer hardware and computer peripheral hardware. Install, document, maintain, and upgrade software, firmware, and drivers. Administer, maintain, troubleshoot, and resolve technical issues for PCs, laptops, tablets, mobile devices, printers, cellular, audio/visual and presentation equipment. Provide tier 2 & 3 support for user equipment. Troubleshooting and problem resolution for hardware, software and peripheral equipment. Troubleshooting and standard maintenance of Automated Passport Control kiosks Troubleshoot and escalate connectivity issues for Airport and Security LAN. Provide basic support functions for hardware and software issues. Support end users with standard desktop applications. Virus and Spyware detection and removal. Troubleshoot non-working parts of the system. Troubleshoot non-working parts of the Access Control system. While on-site will be main point of contact for Airport and maintenance vendors to repair or escalate the repair of non-working systems. Perform site surveys to ensure all aspects of the IT departments systems are working as specified. Maintain knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a multiple disciplines in the IT industry Qualifications: This position requires a degree in an IT related program with at least 3 years of experience supporting desktop computers in a corporate environment. Microsoft certification preferred along with technical knowledge of desktop and laptop computer hardware and accessories. Candidates must have the ability to install, configure and support Microsoft applications including Windows Desktop and Microsoft Office 365 Application Suite; possess experience in general troubleshooting skills and basic knowledge of networking principles related to desktop and laptop computer hardware. Selected candidates will work in a team-oriented, collaborative environment where excellent written and oral communication skills are necessary. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to affirmative action and diversity. Background and security clearances and drug tests are performed. For confidential consideration candidates can submit a resume and application at www.elliottlewis.com EOE-Minority/Female/Dis/Vet"
7283,IT Systems Administrator, IT Junior System Administrator - IDS Seapower Capabilities Systems,"IT System Administrator (Junior Level - New College hire) - Seapower Capabilities Systems Programs Raytheon IDS - Tewksbury, MA What’s YOUR Mission? Here at Raytheon, we work together as _one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place_. Our innovation spans all domains: from land and sea to air, space and cyberspace. We’re inspired by a noble mission that’s shared by Raytheon employees around the globe and an inclusive culture that empowers employees and celebrates their contributions. Our IT organization ensures that Raytheon teammates across the globe are able to communicate, collaborate and innovate for customer success. We create leading-edge technology solutions to prevent security threats, protect the integrity of our systems and support Raytheon’s IT infrastructures around the world. System Administrators collaborate across a diverse team to support fast-paced, critical programs with classified information system capabilities. As a System Administrator supporting the Seapower Capability Systems Business Area, your program teams rely on you to collaborate, provide guidance to define computing requirements and create end-to-end solutions to solve complex IT problems. Success in this role means you are able to develop, implement and maintain secure, cost-efficient environments across various classified programs. Effective System Administrators collaborate and team effectively across functions, also taking on opportunities to serve as project leads and/or mentors to share knowledge across the IT Program Execution team. This position is located in Tewksbury, MA, with potential for international and/or domestic travel. Obtaining a US DoD Secret Security Clearance will be required for this role within one year of start date. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. Responsibilities: Assure system reliability and performance through monitoring and infrastructure management Provide system administration and maintenance support on Windows- and Linux-based environments in client/server, network and data storage capacities Respond to online service requests from users Ensure server and application compliance with security and performance requirements (NISPOM, RMF) Convert and upgrade to new systems Develop and maintain technical and operational documentation to continually improve our computing environments Engage in knowledge sharing to further develop the overall capability and performance of your technical team Required Experience: Two years of experience with Microsoft Windows operating systems Data storage and data backup technologies US Secret Security Clearance - within one year of start date. Desired Experience: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, 6, or 7 Security+ certification Ability to collaborate effectively Virtual computing technologies Thin client technologies Experience or interest in building AWS, Cloud and/or DevOps technical skills Active US Secret Security Clearance. Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Science, Mathematics or a related field or directly applicable professional experience in a related field will be considered. What We Offer: Whether you’re just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon offers a robust total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon offers include paternal leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care. Find out why Forbes ranks us among the top 500 of America’s Best Employers by visiting us online at www.raytheon.com. Stay Connected: Don’t miss out on what’s happening at Raytheon. Follow @Raytheon on Twitter Follow Raytheon on YouTube Follow Raytheon on LinkedIn Follow Raytheon Company on Instagram 114348 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status."
7293,IT Systems Administrator,Junior Systems Administrator,"Come be a part of Animal Humane Society - a Star Tribune 2018 Top Workplace! Job Purpose: Perform administrative tasks related to the maintenance of the organization’s servers and computing network. Provide technical assistance to internal computer users, as well as investigate and resolve computer software and hardware problems. What you will be doing: Process \- Manage and maintain virtual machine infrastructure, Active Directory group policies, backup strategy, and updates for servers and computers. Monitor and analyze network and server performance. Continuous Improvement \- Repair, upgrade and maintain equipment as devices as needed. Recommend, and schedule desktop, server and network upgrades and repairs. Automate software and image deployments using Microsoft System Center. Write and maintain Powershell scripts to automate redundant processes. Support \- Act as a member of the Help Desk Staff to ensure problems are resolved in a timely manner and according to department standards. Configure and troubleshoot Windows servers and workstations, switches, firewalls, and end-user devices. Produce \- Develop and document department standards and processes including network security and disaster recovery. Culture \- Maintain safe and inclusive environment by modeling AHS’s 10 Behaviors, fostering an environment consistent with the vision and mission of the organization and following organizational standards. Work with AHS volunteers in a positive and effective way to facilitate meaningful volunteer engagement. Other duties as assigned What we are looking for: Schedule \- Regular, predictable attendance, punctuality and availability to work during operational hours as defined by management with flexibility to be on call and work occasional evening and weekend shifts. Experience & Computer Skills – Three to five years of experience providing technical support. Three years of experience supporting System Center, Windows Active Directory network, Microsoft Office products, Windows clients, installing and/or repairing computer hardware, and a variety of software applications. Two years of experiencing writing Powershell scripts. Adaptability \- Ability to work in a professional and positive manner with high attention to detail in a variety of situations and the willingness to assist at other sites. Communication \- Excellent interpersonal and communications skills, must have ability to work as a leader of the team and partner collaboratively with external and internal customers and departments. Physical & Emotional Capabilities\- Must be able to handle the physical and emotional aspect of work in an animal shelter environment, including lifting up to 50 lbs. and the use of euthanasia. Transportation \- Valid driver’s license and dependable transportation is required. This position description is intended to describe the general content and/or requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements."
7352,IT Systems Administrator, Junior System Administrator,"The Junior Systems Administrator position is a hands-on customer facing role participating in the definition and development of customer specific application requirements and supporting documentation. Excellent customer service and effective communication skills (written and verbal) are basic components of the job. While customer interaction is a major focus of the Hosting Operations organization, internal coordination between other Alarm.com organizations is required. Additionally, the Junior Systems Administrator will own tasks to resolution. The ideal candidate is a technically sound, result driven professional with an operational background and strong analytical ability. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Provide 24x7 Remote Hands and On-Site Escalation Support Create and maintain technical documentation for operational readiness Participate in on-call escalation rotation Build, troubleshoot and document systems in high availability clusters Maintain security best practices Deploy application servers Maintain production tools for day-to-day operations and 24x7 monitoring Education, Job Knowledge, and Skills Bachelor's degree in computer science, related field or equivalent work experience preferred Minimum 2 years’ work experience Industry related certifications a plus Demonstrated understanding of multi-tiered web applications Demonstrated understanding of virtualization technologies, such as VMWare Understanding of general networking principals Strong interpersonal skills to coordinate with other organizations across the business while managing customer expectations. Knowledge of systems management concepts, processes and standards Demonstrated knowledge of Software Lifecycles and QA Procedures Experienced working on Project type work, where needed to work to schedules/deadlines “Proactive” mindset; not a just sit back and wait for somebody else Innovative and come up with solutions instead of just pointing out problems Highly organized; must have a strong discipline for managing/prioritizing/scheduling their own workload COMPANY INFO Alarm.com is the leading cloud-based platform for the smart home. Millions of home and business owners depend on our technology every day to make their properties safer, smarter, and more efficient. We make the Smart Home broadly accessible by enabling easy automation and control across a range of connected devices through our single, intuitive user interface. Alarm.com earned the Top Workplace™ award for its employee culture and the meaningful work we do every day to develop and bring to market new technology that will make millions of people safer and help them use energy more efficiently. We’re seeking those who are passionate about creating change through technology and who want to make a lasting impact on the world around them. Our solutions are exclusively distributed through a network of authorized service providers. For more information, please visit www.alarm.com. COMPANY BENEFITS Alarm.com offers competitive pay and benefits including a wide choice of healthcare options with generous company subsidy, a health savings account option with company contribution, 401(k) with employer match, paid holidays and paid time off increasing with tenure, paid maternity and paternity leave, company paid STD/LTD and life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a casual dress work environment. Alarm.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer"
7355,IT Systems Administrator, Jr System Administrator,"Imperva, the leader in Application & Data Security, is looking to hire a Jr Linux System Administrator as part of the IT Group, based at our Headquarters in Redwood Shores, CA. We are seeking a contract to hire Junior Linux System Administrator. The ideal candidate can work in a complex and rapidly changing computing environment to join our IT Infrastructure team. This individual ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational values, enabling staff, volunteers, and Partners. Responsibilities: Provide Linux Systems operational support and engineering in on-premise, hybrid and cloud environments Engage with systems application and engineering teams with service improvements, technical service project and incident responses. Install, configure, deployment and maintain production systems and applications. Deploy new releases and patches to test and production environments manually and with release automation. Technical Skills: Knowledge of Linux Systems Administration (Centos) Experience with monitoring and analytics tools Build and management of virtualization utilizing VMware Experience with scripting and automation Troubleshooting DNS/DHCP Our Company Imperva® is a leading cybersecurity company that delivers best-in-class solutions to protect data and applications – wherever they reside – on- premises, in the cloud, and across hybrid environments. The company’s Incapsula, SecureSphere, and CounterBreach product lines help organizations protect websites, applications, APIs, and databases from cyberattacks while ensuring compliance. Imperva innovates using data, analytics, and insights from our experts and our community to deliver simple, effective and enduring solutions that protect our customers from cybercriminals. Learn more at www.imperva.com, our blog, or Twitter. Legal Notice Imperva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law."
7360,IT Systems Administrator,Jr. System Administrator,"Ivalua (www.ivalua.com ( http://www.ivalua.com )) is a leading enterprise software provider specialized in procurement solutions. We are expanding our IT team and are looking to hire a Junior System and Network Administrator who will be responsible for installing and maintaining servers and workstations hardware, software and networks. \----------------------------- Duties and responsibilities : \----------------------------- Install, configure, test, maintain and update workstation and server hardware and software, phones, printers Diagnoses, troubleshoots and resolves hardware, software, network or other issues Provide technical support on-site or via phone or email Configure computer networks and VPN Maintains applications and/or virus protection measures Analyzes network and system logs and identifies potential issues with computer systems Create proper documentation, diagrams and other detailed instructions. \-------------- Qualifications \-------------- Education: Bachelor's Degree, preferred in computer-related major. Or Professional Certification: Microsoft MCSA/MCSE, CompTIA's A+ or Network+ Required Candidate must be located in the Redwood City area and be Authorized to work in the U.S. Ability to prioritize, work under pressure and meet deadlines Excellent problem-solving skills Excellent knowledge of latest Windows operating systems Good knowledge of computer and network architecture Ability to diagnose, troubleshoot and/or resolve hardware, software or network issues Ability to interact with users to support and solve hardware and software issues Communicate clearly and concisely with others, orally and in writing Computer and network security awareness"
7504,Cloud Architect, Junior Incident Response Analyst,"What you’ll be doing... The Incident Response Analyst role is a position providing an opportunity to work in a fast paced environment defending Verizon from current and future cyber threats. This position is considered the front-line of Cyber Incident Response and plays a crucial role in Verizon’s enterprise computing defense. Analysts must be agile, willing to learn, and able to think outside of the box in order to operate effectively in an ever changing threat landscape. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree or one or more years of work experience Even better if you have: Combination of CyberSecurity related degree, certifications and/or Security work experience Bachelor’s Degree with one or more years of Professional Work Experience. Related Certification (A+, Network+, Security+). Previous Information Assurance or Cyber Experience. Fundamental knowledge of Mobile Platforms: Windows Phone, iOS, Android. Foundational Knowledge of Enterprise Anti-Virus, IDS, Full Packet Capture and Host/Network Forensics. Understanding of Networking (including the OSI Model, TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP, SMTP), System Administration, and Security Architecture. Knowledge of Incident Response Frameworks and Handling Procedures. Program and Scripting Experience. Previous experience with Regex. Knowledge and fundamental understanding of Operating Systems: Windows, Unix/Linux, and OSX Operating Systems. Demonstrates knowledge and understanding of cyber risks and threats related to cyber attackers. Strong communication and presentation skills along with the ability to work in a highly collaborative environment. Strong relationship skills and collaborative style to enable success across multiple partners. Demonstrates effective organizational and technical skills. Effective verbal and written communication skills. Exhibit initiative, follow-up and follow through with commitments. Ability to comply with any regulatory requirements. cybersecurityerp 22CyberOPS When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better."
7750,Cloud Architect,Junior Graphic Designer,"FleishmanHillard San Francisco is seeking a passionate and innovative Junior Graphic Designer with 1-2 years of professional experience to join our Social + Creative team. We’re seeking a skilled content creator who will thrive in a fast-paced, high-performing environment. Our ideal candidate must have a strong understanding of the fundamentals: typography, color theory and layout etc., and a drive to deliver beautiful, thoughtful, and inventive creative solutions that cross social media, web, print, and presentation, design and layout. The right candidate is an enthusiastic team player, passionate about design, proactive, a quick learner, and excited about the opportunity to grow and be challenged as a creative professional. If this sounds like you and you have the portfolio to prove it, apply today. To see some of our past award-winning work please check us out at http://fleishmanhillard.com/work/. Responsibilities Include Using the Adobe Creative Suite, create dynamic social media, web, print and presentation designs under the guidance of the Design Director. Translate business and marketing objectives into compelling content that is visually engaging. Collaborate with Social & Creative team to create infographics, icons, logos, key visuals and promotional elements along with creative elements of large-scale integrated campaigns. Apply industry best practices and established brand style guides to assignments. Work across our five practice groups to brainstorm and implement creative programs. Key Qualifications Bachelor's degree in graphic design or a related field. 1-2 years professional, hands-on design experience or equivalent body of work. Well-rounded design experience as demonstrated through portfolio that includes collateral design and production, social/online content development and production, and graphic identity development. Experience using Adobe Creative Cloud Suite, specifically Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. Experience with AfterEffects a plus. An understanding of fundamental design skills, production, a strong sense of color, typography, and design composition. Knowledgeable in various social media platforms including content optimization and technical specs. Passionate about storytelling, visual communication and creating engaging experiences. Ability to juggle multiple projects in a fast-paced, demanding environment. Highly motivated and able to thrive in both large-scale collaborative environments as well as independently. Comfortable working under tight deadlines and on multiple projects simultaneously. Strong communication skills, both written and verbal. Experience creating templates and presentation designs in PowerPoint and Microsoft Office is a plus. If this description is an accurate representation of your arsenal of skills, please send us the following: 1\. A link to your website or video channel showcasing your portfolio. 2\. A cover letter. 3\. Your resume. Only candidates who apply through FleishmanHillard’s website will be considered. Please do not contact the San Francisco office directly. About FleishmanHillard FleishmanHillard specializes in public relations, reputation management, public affairs, brand marketing, digital strategy, social engagement and content strategy. We have been named PRWeek’s Global Agency of the Year and Best Places to Work; a “Standout Agency” on Advertising Age’s A-List; NAFE’s “Top 50 Companies for Executive Women” for six years running; and among our firm’s award-winning work we’ve taken home 5 Lions in the past two years at the Cannes International Festival of Creativity. We’re also more motivated by what we can give than what we receive, and in our 70th year we’ve initiated a worldwide service commitment to support social inclusion in the communities in which we work and live. FleishmanHillard is part of Omnicom Public Relations Group, a division of Omnicom Group Inc., and has more than 85 offices in 30 countries, plus affiliates in 43 countries. Visit us at www.fleishmanhillard.com. FleishmanHillard is committed to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action. FleishmanHillard does not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where FleishmanHillard does business. FleishmanHillard will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance."
8253,Technical Operations,AESP - Junior High General Clerical Class II-A,"Position Type: Secretarial/Clerical/Secretary Date Posted: 8/8/2018 Location: Brooklyn Middle School Closing Date: Until Filled Description: To inspire and prepare all students with the confidence, courage and competence to achieve their dreams; contribute to community; and engage in a lifetime of learning by providing specialized clerical and technical duties related to the assignment or placement, as well as related responsibilities requiring creative solutions to specialized site/department needs. Answer correspondence and assemble highly confidential and sensitive information. Interact with a diverse group of external customers as well as internal contacts at all levels of the organization. Independent judgment is required to plan, prioritize, organize and carry out a diversified workload, and make recommendations for changes in office practices or procedures. Job Summary: The essential functions of this position include, but are not limited to, the following fundamental job duties: Delivering customer service that embodies the District mission. Assisting site/department leaders with communications. Acting as liaison between parent(s), student(s), guardian(s), community and site/department staff. Communicating and coordinating services with internal and external vendors to ensure adequate service to our school system. Performing general office duties such as typing, filing, copying, faxing. Attending meetings and recording meeting minutes as requested. Scheduling and preparing materials, rooms and sites for meetings, events and/or conferences. Creating, updating and maintaining handbooks and manuals. Developing and distributing communications to site/department and internal and/or external vendors. Maintaining site/department and/or supervisor’s calendar. Assist the counseling department with test preparation, administration, and security. Compile data from past tests for reports using Excel, Access, and Google as well as MDE websites. Assist with training staff in testing procedures and discussions with teacher teams regarding data. Qualifications: High school graduate or equivalent. Vocational or advanced training in office procedures desirable. Previous office experience required. Skills, Knowledge, Abilities: The attributes of an efficacious learner: resourceful, self-directed, responsible, problem solver and skilled communicator. The ability to collaboratively solve problems. The ability to work in an organized, efficient, and process-oriented manner. The ability to apply and follow record keeping procedures and protocols to maintain and process data. The ability to perform work assignments requiring attention to detail, confidentiality, precision and accuracy in accordance with set deadlines. The ability to perform assigned functions with minimal direction in accordance with established set departmental operations. Salary Range: Per contract Work Year: Class II-A 212 days"
8359,Cloud Services Developer,Junior Full Stack Developer,"Discover is looking for a talented, enthusiastic and proactive individual who is ready to take their next challenge in full stack software development with built-in-quality. Why work at Discover? Because we strive to be the leading direct bank and payments partner. You will want to work as part of a close-knit team in order to deliver results without the constraints of cubicles. Responsibilities: Developing and delivering enterprise applications and shared components. You will design and develop systems by using Agile development methodology and support existing and new product features. Develop, build, test, automate and deploy Enterprise applications. Diagnose, troubleshoot and fix issues in the production environment. Identifies problems and possible solutions, and takes appropriate action to resolve production issues. Participate in R &D, Analysis and Proof of Concept in new technology initiatives. Team members are expected to support production and pager rotation, after hours or weekend work is expected occasionally, and we have a flexible schedule to support work-life balance There is an expectation that this Chicago based person will need to visit Discover’s Riverwoods Headquarters1 to 2 of days a week for project related meetings. You will be successful at Discover if you can: Break down complex requirements into workable technical solutions to solve the product owner’s problems Design, develop and validate high quality software for large scale distributed systems Collaborate with other developers on peer-programming, code reviews and process enhancement Actively contribute to instill best practices to support a strong software architecture Our Technology Stack: Java, Spring, REST API, SOAP ReactJS, Drupal, PHP, Node, JavaScript, WireMock, Nexus Jenkins, GitHub, Nexus, Chef, Ansibl Hadoop, Spark, Storm, Kafka Rabbit MQ PCF, Linux, Cloud Foundry Oracle, AWS/RDS Cucumber CI/CD Pipeline Automation using Jenkins Variety of scripting languages GitHub Not eligible for employer sponsored nonimmigrant visa sponsorship Skills: Basic Qualifications: Degree in Computer Science, or technical field or equivalent professional experience in a related field. 1 year + experience working in a technological environment Desired Skills: Knowledge and uses fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures to solve problems within primary field of expertise. Strong skill in Application, UI and Web development Hands on programming experience with Java, JavaScript/HTML/CSS, Web, PHP, JSON, REST Working knowledge and experience with systems integration as well as object-oriented design patterns and development Effective oral and written communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to work under pressure of multiple projects and deadlines Ability to effectively prioritize workload and manage changes in direction Ability to interpret and apply required policies and procedures Ability to work in a team environment An interest to gain hands-on experience with highly scalable and reliable applications Understanding of Java, JavaScript/HTML/CSS, Web, PHP, JSON, REST based applications Familiar with software development methodologies Strong understanding of object oriented principles Ambitious, self-motivated, and willing to grow in a challenging environment LI-MF1 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class."
8365,Cloud Services Developer,"Full Stack Developer, Junior","Overview MOTIVATED…..make IT happen! Awarded TOP WORKPLACE six consecutive years About Us: Sentinel delivers solutions that can efficiently address a range of IT needs – from communications, to data center, to cloud and managed services, which includes our staffing solutions. Since 1982, Sentinel has grown from providing technology maintenance services to our current standing as one of the leading IT services and solutions provider in the US. We have aligned with many of today’s global technology leaders including Cisco, Microsoft, Vmware, Dell/EMC, and NetApp. Sentinel services customers both nationally and internationally with primary support operating centers in Chicago, Downers Grove (HQ), and Springfield, IL; Phoenix, AZ.; Ann Arbor, Lansing, and Grand Rapids, MI; Milwaukee, WI; Denver, CO; Atlanta, GA. If you are MOTIVATED… you can make IT happen at Sentinel. Our commitment to our employees is to create a work environment that encourages creativity, an entrepreneurial spirit, fosters growth through certification and hands-on training, values a team-oriented culture and rewards based on impact! If you are Motivated you can join our team and make IT happen! Learn more at www.sentinel.com/careers. Responsibilities Full Stack Developer, Junior Sentinel Technologies is currently seeking a Lead Application Developer to assist with the growing of our client offerings by building Line-Of-Business Applications. The ideal candidate will architect, design, build, test and deploy custom applications. These are internal and customer facing applications supporting and migrating legacy apps to newer technologies. This is a full time position based out of our Downers Grove, IL office. Qualifications The candidate should be able to build Microsoft ASP.NET, MVC, and WebAPI based web applications and responsive webpages with HTML5, CSS3, bootstrap, Javascript, jQuery, AJAX and Angular The candidate must be familiar with full stack development using C, VB.NET, ASP.NET, MVC, Entity Framework, LINQ and SQL server with best practices and design patterns Candidate should be comfortable using TFS to manage work and Agile environment (sprint planning, scoping and managing work) The candidate will have exposure consuming and creating RESTful WebAPI components The ideal candidate will improve code quality by following best practices, writing tests, automation and performing code reviews A valid driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance will be required Legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Must be currently working in a similar position Must demonstrate a “can-do” attitude We focus on candidates that display our “ACE” factor – Attitude, Compassion, and Enthusiasm to deliver quality solutions with exceptional customer service. What you get: We offer an energetic work environment with many corporate culture amenities, competitive salary, and rich benefit plan including: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, 529, Life Insurance, Income Protection Short and Long-Term Disability, Medical and Child/Elder Care, Flexible Spending Account Plans, Employee Assistance Program, Two weeks vacation, additional paid time-off for Personal and Sick, certification and hands-on training, and discounts for local event entertainment and health clubs. As part of Sentinel's employment process, candidates will be required to complete a background check. Only those who meet the minimum requirements will be contacted. No phone calls please. Sentinel is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, genetics, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. If you are an individual with a disability and need assistance in applying for a position, please contact SentinelHR@sentinel.com."
8369,Cloud Services Developer, Junior Software Developer,"Junior Software Developer - 15390 Technology and Engineering - USA Chicago, Illinois Are you an engineer who thrives and enjoys innovation and working with latest technologies? If yes - you are looking at the right position We at Nielsen, collect billions of data points on what consumers watch and buy. We study consumers in more than 100 countries, and help our clients globally identify unmet needs, develop fnew products and deliver them in an engaging way. We are constantly evolving, not only in terms of where we measure, or who we measure, but in how our insights can help drive profitable growth. This position will be part of a platform team that is building the next generation tools for field operations to effectively manage the workflow for data collection within Nielsen. Ideal candidate would be a highly motivated, technically savvy individual that brings leadership and experience in designing and building large scale web and mobile platforms on AWS using Java based REST services. Responsibilities: Provide leadership in all areas of the development process, including development standards and practices, system architecture and design, functional and technical design and implementation Define strategy and architecture for our next generation panel data collection platform Participate in cross-company technology initiatives, and provide high level scoping and estimations Work with business and product owners to translate business needs into technology strategy Manage and oversee the AWS cloud spend of the platform Define and facilitate Application Architecture review process Manage/Lead/Mentor other team members, and build effective cross team relationships Provide leadership in all areas of the development process, including development standards and practices, system architecture and design, functional and technical design and implementation Define strategy and architecture for our next generation panel data collection platform Participate in cross-company technology initiatives, and provide high level scoping and estimations Work with business and product owners to translate business needs into technology strategy Manage and oversee the AWS cloud spend of the platform Define and facilitate Application Architecture review process Manage/Lead/Mentor other team members, and build effective cross teams QUALIFICATIONS Minimum BS degree in Computer Science or closely related discipline 6-10+ years experience of software product development, with extensive experience in architecting and building large-scale enterprise systems using Java Experience with enterprise architecture, server technologies, distributed systems and application security Experience in Service Oriented Architecture – APIs, Microservices and Serverless architectures About Nielsen: Nielsen N.V. (NYSE: NLSN) is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen’s Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content — video, audio, and text — is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry’s only global view of retail performance measurement. By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance. Nielsen, an S &P; 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90 percent of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com _Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class._ Job Type: Regular Primary Location : Chicago,Illinois Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: No"
8415,Cloud Services Developer,Junior Software Developer,"Bellevue,Washington,United States BAMBN2 Boeing is seeking a Software Developer to join our Enterprise Cloud Services organization. This Level 2 position will include designing, programming, testing, and maintaining computing and web applications that help enable Boeing's application infrastructure service offerings. This team is responsible for building and maintaining an entire ecosystem of tools supporting the management of Boeing's infrastructure and the automation of our cloud services. This includes new application development projects as well as the refactoring and maintaining of a current set of applications. You will be located in either in Bellevue, Washington OR North Charleston, South Carolina. Primary Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following: Provide software solutions to our Enterprise computing customers by writing code that meets documented software specifications. Perform unit testing on the code developed. Use modern tools and architectural standards in our automated CI/CD (Continuous Integration/ and Continuous Delivery) pipeline. Perform statement of work using agile processes to drive automation. Be enabled to make design decisions for applications. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): More than 1 year of technical experience working on a software development team using C/.Net technologies Experience in Object Oriented Design and Programming Experience working in a collaborative team environment Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Full stack development experience Experience working in an agile/scrum environment Experience in automated application delivery (CI/CD) Experience in Object Oriented Design and Programming, Python, Java, HTML, JavaScript, SQL Server, and Oracle Windows application development experience Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Relocation: This position is located in Bellevue, WA or North Charleston, SC and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company North Charleston;South Carolina;United States~"
8565,Cloud Services Developer, Junior Software Engineer,"Are you eager to work within a large and complex codebase? Do you get satisfaction from knowing that you did things the right way, even if it’s the harder way? Are you looking for a new challenge that will expand your skills? Does creating and modernizing a SaaS product used to help nonprofits transform lives excite you? If so, keep reading! What You’ll Do Write, test, and maintain awesome code. Delight our clients by creating awesome cloud software. Collaborate with your peers in Product Development. Innovate! Find new and exciting ways to use emerging cloud technologies to improve our products. Learn! Explore new technologies and their applicability to Company products. Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Programming, or equivalent experience. 1+ year of experience/knowledge creating enterprise level software/reporting systems in an agile/scrum environment. Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Vue. Use/understanding of C and .Net frameworks Experience with SQL Queries using MySQL as well as SQL Query creation and optimization Why We’re Awesome Fun Fact: Lee on the Apricot Dev Team was at one point ranked 5th in world for Street Fighter. At Social Solutions, we’re mission focused and results oriented! We’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. Social Solutions’ software (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service works for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. What You’ll Get Amazing coworkers 100% employer paid benefits for employees 8 hours per quarter of volunteer time Company sponsored events and happy hours Career advancement opportunities That’s not all, folks! Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Programming, or equivalent experience. 1+ year of experience/knowledge creating enterprise level software/reporting systems in an agile/scrum environment. Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Vue. Use/understanding of C and .Net frameworks Experience with SQL Queries using MySQL as well as SQL Query creation and optimization"
8599,Cloud Services Developer, Junior Software Developer,"Junior Software Developer Go Ahead Tours Cambridge, MA, USA Go Ahead Tours is GROWING! We are looking for a Software Developer to join our growing internal customer facing CRM development team. Examples of project Work in a collaborative culture to create a lead scoring model to better understand the customer insights. Choose modern UI framework to building engaging components in salesforce. Built scalable architecture to support our ever-increasing user base. Design high performance, loosely coupled near real time systems. Grow an existing Sales, Marketing and Service Cloud organization using Apex, JavaScript, and other modern frameworks. Responsibilities Translate user stories into functional software Write readable, well tested, and straightforward code Work collaboratively within a small team to create the best product possible Requirements 1-3+ years of professional experience with .NET, specifically C 1-3+ years of professional experience in public facing web with proficiency in CSS/JS Ability to write clear readable consistent code Collaborative problem solver Excellent communicator Solid understanding of front end and back end development Comfortable giving and receiving feedback throughout the development process Experience with RESTful Api Strong background in with a TDD/BDD framework The Perks We believe that happy people do great work. What makes us happy? Things like: Three weeks paid vacation your first year, increases to four weeks your second year All expenses paid international travel Free in-house language classes On-site restaurant and bar Travel discounts Market-leading benefits package including top of the line health coverage, 401k with company match, and more Learn more about our Development team, Read our blog: https://medium.com/go- ahead-tours-tech-blog Go Ahead Tours offers industry-leading guided group tours to destinations that span all seven continents. For more information, visit www.goaheadtours.com. Go Ahead Tours is a division of EF Education First. Founded in 1965 by entrepreneur Bertil Hult, EF is a privately-held company with 15 divisions that offer a range of educational programs from language training, educational travel, and academic degrees to cultural exchanges. With a mission to open the world through education, EF has helped people of all ages and nationalities become citizens of the world. For more information, visit http://www.ef.com/careers EF is an equal opportunities employer. EF offers competitive salaries and a multicultural working environment. If you are motivated by the prospect of an international career with a dynamic and forward-thinking company, we want to hear from you. For more information, visit www.ef.com/careers."
8648,Cloud Services Developer,Jr. Software Developer,"SUMMARY: Acronis is a fast-growing global technology company with highly skilled specialists and offices in over 18 different countries around the world. We have over 300 software developers from different countries working together to develop sophisticated and innovative technology into world-class data protection solutions. As we continue to grow and scale, we plan to build out a new R&D center based in our new Scottsdale, Arizona office. We are looking for software developers to join our team and work on the Software Developer Kit (SDK) for Acronis’ Data Cloud Platform. The SDK is a set of tools, frameworks, documentation and tutorials aimed to let our partners integrate their services and data sources with our platform. Every Software Developer has an instrumental role and impact on the success of Acronis’ business. The best fit for this position is someone who is passionate about technology and developing innovative, cutting-edge IT solutions. The ideal candidate will be very detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated with a strong work ethic. They must be results-oriented, and can be relied upon to execute organizational goals with the utmost urgency and commitment. And just like every other position here at Acronis, they must embody all 5 of our company values: responsive, alert, detail oriented, make decisions and never give up. RESPONSIBILITIES: Prototype cloud and premise software components Survey new technologies to reach reliability, scalability and good performance Work on extensibility of our Flagship Product Communicate and work with other teams in different time zones SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Bachelor's degree in computer science or other applicable field such as IT, Physics, Mathematics, etc. Strong analytical skills Ability to learn, develop and perform in-depth analysis of new technologies Willingness to learn and grow professionally in a team environment Must have some programming experience (experience can be from either professional positions/internships or non-professional projects) Experience in any of the following languages is strongly preferred: Python, Go, C/C++, JavaScript Experience with Linux terminal and Git is preferred"
8690,Cloud Services Developer, Jr. Cloud Software Engineer,"Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: . Job Description: We are creating a world where 'payments' is synonymous with PayPal. The PayPal Platform is a suite of web services, which are used by internal and external developers to enable payments anytime, anywhere and anyway. The Platform processes billions of requests each month, and enables PayPal and its partners to rapidly innovate on new payment scenarios and enable new experiences. Therefore, the evolution of the Platform is integral to PayPal’s long-term strategy. We are looking for a Strong engineer with distributed systems background focused at building a hybrid cloud platform for PayPal. Responsibilities: You will implement next generation cloud platforms in a hybrid cloud setting to support PayPal business teams to scale their applications that serve millions of customers worldwide and process billions of dollars in payments. You will drive solutions and implementation leveraging different open source distributed systems, drive its adoption and deliver a complete product. You will build creative, brand new solutions from scratch. Preferred Qualifications: First experience in building massively scalable high performance services. Excellent problem solving skills. Ability to identify Performance bottlenecks. Contribution in open source projects a plus. Experience in building highly available platforms running in production handling no downtime rollouts. Requirements: BS/MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science or a related field Experience in go or python. Experience in Java or C/C++. Expertise in shell scripting. Strong Linux systems knowledge. Knowledge in docker. Deep understanding and working knowledge on any one of these systems: Zookeeper/etcd/consul Working knowledge on any one of these cluster managers: Mesos/kubernetes/docker swarm. Mesos is a plus. Strong understanding of fundamental distributed system principles. Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
8736,Full Stack Developer," Web Developer, Junior","The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is seeking a Junior Web Developer for our Creative Services Department. This position is responsible for the support of the web department team in planning, producing and implementing digital initiatives across web, mobile and social. Able to design and develop website functionality that ensures a strong optimization and best practices. Primary responsibilities for this position include, but are not limited to: Work with development team to oversee the work from digital consultants and vendors to implement digital projects, planning and design. Analyze, design, and develop websites and their functionality, ensuring strong optimization and best practices. Deliver updates to all aspects of the websites and online initiatives for the Natural History Museum, La Brea Tar Pits & Museum, and the William S. Hart Museum ensuring a positive visitor experience. Research site traffic analytics and perform A/B testing to optimize website functionality. Assist in creation, editing, publishing and removal of pages and templates of all sites across our development, staging and production servers. Ensure projects utilize the latest industry tools and standards in CSS and CSS3, XHTML and HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, MySQL and PHP. Key deliverables include the ability to implement and provide relevant analytics across all digital platforms. Create and edit template files, create and edit custom modules and administrate the Drupal architecture. Alongside Drupal (and in some cases WordPress), will work in various PHP frameworks. Interface with Linux, Apache, including SSL and PCI compliance. Interact with servers using SSH, FTP and Telnet protocols. Monitor website technical performance, web servers, and other web systems. Assist with cross-browser QA for all features; record and address bugs or required fixes. This position has the following requirements: Studied in Computer Science or related degree program. Knowledge of JavaScript, PHP, CSS, HTML. Experience in CMS development and Web Frameworks such as AngularJs, ReactJS or Django. Experience in LAMP stack preferred. Knowledge working with source control systems (GIthub, perforce). The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is seeking employees who have demonstrated experience and commitment working with a diverse community. Salary is commensurate with experience plus excellent benefits. This is a part/full-time, temporary/regular, non-exempt position. A cover letter, current resume, and list of 3-4 references are required for all applicants. Review of applications begins immediately and continues until position is filled. Interested candidates please visit www.nhm.org/jobs and click the link of the position for which you are interested. _The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is an Equal Opportunity Employer._ ___Please- No Phone Calls, Faxes, or Emails._"
8768,Full Stack Developer,Junior Software Developer,"DRW is a diversified, technology-led principal trading firm. We trade our own capital at our own risk, across a broad range of asset classes, instruments and strategies, in markets around the world. As the markets have evolved over the past 25 years, so has DRW – growing to include real estate, cryptocurrencies, venture capital and several industry acquisitions. With nearly 900 employees at our Chicago headquarters and six global offices, we work together to solve interesting problems and capture opportunities. It’s a place of high expectations, deep curiosity, and constant collaboration, with some of the smartest, most passionate people you will meet. As a Junior Software Developer , you will be an integral member of a small team of software and hardware developers. Your team will work closely with traders to solve challenging technological problems that directly impact our business. You will be mentored by experienced engineers, offered continuing education opportunities, and be expected to handle responsibility early on in your career. How you will make an impact… Work as part of a trading desk to develop, maintain, and support best-in-class software systems. Identify innovative solutions to complex problems and advocate for their implementation to your team by communicating your ideas in a clear and concise manner. Design, develop, and test full-stack software systems including trading systems, research tools, and monitoring systems. Work on legacy code and greenfield development in multiple languages including Java, C++, Ruby, JavaScript, Clojure, and Python. Collaborate with traders, researchers, and software engineers in a close-knit team environment. You will be right at home if you have.... A passion for computer programming and a deep curiosity to learn and absorb new technologies quickly. Experience developing on Linux and familiarity with the command line and Bash. Experience doing both front and back-end development. Experience with test-driven development. A high level of ownership and accountability, reliability, and strong follow through. A strong interest and skills in computer programming and a desire for growth."
8820,Full Stack Developer,Junior Full Stack Developer,"Are you interested in learning and growing each day? Join us, and unleash your potential while delivering value-centric solutions for one of the world's most recognized brands in the automotive Industry. As our team builds and supports new applications at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional Junior Full Stack developer who is responsible to develop the creative wireframes, mockups and turn into HTML pages or native application screens for both mobile and desktop applications. Requirements: The Primary Skill set for Developer : MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE W/ Angular JS BDD (Behavior Driven Development) AWS Beanstalk Spring Boot Other Skills: Java or Node JS Development background Experience with Spring framework Springboot Spring Data Experience using Dockers Experience using Kubernetes Experience using Modern CI/CD such as bitbucket, Semaphore, Spinnaker Experience using Mongo DB or Azure Cosmos DB (preferred) Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested About us : Orange People is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the Orange People team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation."
8834,Full Stack Developer,Senior/Jr Software Engineer(Full Stack)- Contract-W2,"Need Only H1B, GC, GC-EAD and USC. Required Details: Experience in Full Stack Development JavaScript Architecture AWS Good team player with good organizational skills and attention to detail."
8873,Full Stack Developer,Junior Full Stack Developer,"Do you want to change the world? We do, too. The energy market is roughly $4 trillion globally, and solar penetration is less than 1%. But just one hour of sunlight, if harnessed, could power the entire world for a year. We have the opportunity to completely change the way energy is produced, distributed and consumed on a global scale, and we’re looking for talented, committed people to help us drive our growth and achieve our goals. SunPower is a global solar energy solutions company with a rich heritage of pioneering the best energy technologies in the world. Our solutions are unrivaled in terms of long-term reliability, efficiency and guaranteed performance, and our company is unmatched in terms of global reach and scale. Through design, manufacturing, installation and ongoing maintenance and monitoring, SunPower provides its proprietary, world-record efficient solar technology to residential, commercial and utility customers worldwide. SunPower is changing the way our world is powered every day with a brilliant, passionate and driven team of more than 7,000 in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. In an industry that is reshaping the world’s energy future, there’s no better place to be than SunPower. We believe that our employees create our brand – with each project, each communication, each task completed and each interaction. Experience is critical to SunPower in regards to not only our customers but also our employees and dealer partners. As such, we strive to hire candidates that are service focused. The experience we would expect the ideal person to deliver is: Full-Stack Developer DESCRIPTION SunPower Corporation is seeking a full stack developer to enhance and maintain sales software for the residential workstream. This role will report directly to the head of the sales scrum team. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following (other duties may be assigned): Responsible for the development of Sales application to enable a world-class residential software suite. Partner with the product management team and peers to define application roadmap to ensure a scalable and effective residential application infrastructure. Work with product owners to ensure that relevant information systems serve the business needs effectively. RELATED EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Minimum requirements: Bachelor’s degree and 2+ years of related experience OR equivalent combination of education and yearsof related experience Preferred requirements: Understanding of object-oriented concepts, abstraction/inheritance, as well as experience with object-oriented languages. HTML5/CSS experience, ability to work with and write custom css framework expansions is a plus. Python, React.js and Ruby experience. Must be a creative thinker and can recognize and solve problems by thinking outside the box. Ability to discuss and debate all options to achieve the optimal solution. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Fun to work with and sense of humor appreciated. Familiarity with building and using REST APIs Ideal Personal Characteristics: Excellent organizational skills. Self-motivated with the ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Hands-on experience with all aspects of the project lifecycle, including detailed deliverable development as well as team management at all levels. OTHER PERTINENT INFORMATION Candidate must be legally entitled to work and reside in the United States Position located in Richmond, CA or San Jose, CA LI-CB Equal Employment Opportunity The Company is an equal employment opportunity employer and makes employment decisions, including but not limited to, hiring, firing, promotion, demotion, training, and/or compensation, on the basis of merit. Employment decisions are based on an individual’s qualifications as they relate to the job under consideration. The Company’s policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions, the actual sex of the individual, or the gender identity or gender expression), race, color, religion, including religious dress practices and religious grooming practices, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, familial status, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected veteran or military status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws, ordinances, or regulations. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of the Company and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of the Company, including supervisors and co-workers. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled SunPower Supports EEO Accommodation for Applicants to SunPower Corporation SunPower Corporation is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following alternative email address to contact us about your interest in employment at SunPower Corporation: jobs@sunpower.com. Please indicate in the subject that line of your email that you are requesting accommodation. Only candidates being considered for a position who require an accommodation will receive a follow-up response."
8972,Full Stack Developer," Remote - Full Stack Developer- JAVA, SAP Junior","Remote - Full Stack Developer- JAVA, SAP Required: 2 years of experience Minimum Must have an Active Secret Clearance Length of employment 3 years This position is to support our Proposal effort on this project with Start dates of Aug. 1, 20018 Location Remote- but must be in one of the three metropolitan areas. Philadelphia, PA or Alexandria, Va. (Washington DC) or San Antonio, TX Minimum Must have an Active Secret Clearance It takes top-notch people with in-depth experience at solving even the toughest problems. It takes a company where every individual is committed to being the best at what they do. And, it takes a streamlined organization that can react quickly to changing requirements. Perhaps that is why a growing number of high-profile government and commercial clients have found that the talent, experience, and true cost efficiency USIT offers makes us the smart choice. U.S. Information Technologies Corporation (USIT) is a leading US Government Contractor information technology solutions. Our national workforce, brings extensive credentials to projects.. USIT helps clients solve challenging IT problems by leveraging industry best practices and our in-depth technology expertise. We have a simple win-win-win philosophy. USIT offers its employees industry- leading training, benefits, and compensation plans, because we only want to attract and retain the best. You can't hire the best unless you treat them better than anyone else will. Our consultants win because that's what we do. USIT is looking for a Full Stack Developer SAP JAVA to lead our team in support of our DLA customer. Responsible for technical analysis, design, development, testing, and deployment of frontend analytics reporting capabilities and supporting data models. Technologies used include JavaScript, HTML5, SAPUI5, CSS, Microsoft Visual Studio, SAP UI5, and HANA. Key Responsibilities: Work with Client and Teaming Partner team members and executives on the project team |Plan and execute all required process steps as defined in Client methodologies Provide, drive, and model development from simple to high complexity with best practices and performance considerations Analyze, design, code and test data model components development Required: 2 years of experience that is directly related Web Application development OR DW development| SAP UI5/Microsoft Visual Studio/JavaScript/CSS/HTML5 (Novice+) SQL Scripting (Novice+) JavaScript/HTML5 CSS SAP UI5 Development Agile delivery (nice to have) | Agile cert from IC Agile, PMI, Scrum Alliance Active Clearance able to obtain IT-II from client Pay Rate $50 to $60 per hour 1099 Contactor -May be flexible depending on experience FTE (Full-Time Employee) with Benefits $50,000 to $65,000 - Maybe flexible depending on experience USIT is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of USIT U.S. Technologies CJ DICE INDEED"
8995,Full Stack Developer,Junior Full Stack Developer,"Position Description : Mathematica is a nationally recognized research organization that conducts social policy studies on health care, disability, education, welfare, nutrition, and related topics. Our mission is to improve public well-being by bringing the highest standards of quality, objectivity, and excellence to bear on the work we do for our clients. We are seeking a Junior Full Stack Developer to join our Application Development and Visualization Group. We are open to candidates with zero to five years of experience. In this role, you will: Build applications and web platforms that can be used to manage, clean, and analyze datasets Create data presentation-layers in the form of static reports and interactive dashboards Manage and ensure the quality of large datasets Work with policy researchers to understand requirements for web-based products Work both independently and on a team Be self-driven to learn, push new ideas, and teach others Gain fluency in a designated specialty such as: Data Visualization Design UI/UX Design QA Testing Deployment/Architecture Security Position Requirements : You have: A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other relevant field or equivalent experience 0-5 years of professional experience as a Software Developer or similar role An understanding of how web applications work Intermediate knowledge of JavaScript (D3 experience preferable) Proficiency in any Server Side language (C, Java, Ruby, Python) Familiarity with Relational Databases A strong desire to improve society through evidence-based research We offer our employees a stimulating, team-oriented work environment, competitive salaries, and a comprehensive benefits package, as well as the advantages of employee ownership. We provide generous paid time off (and an on-site fitness center). Various federal agencies with whom we contract require that staff successfully undergo a background investigation or security clearance as a condition of working on the project. If you are assigned to such a project, you will be required to obtain the requisite security clearance. To apply, please submit cover letter, resume and salary expectations at time of application. Available Locations: Cambridge, MA; Washington, DC; Woodlawn, MD; Ann Arbor, MI We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class."
9020,Full Stack Developer,Junior Full Stack Developer,"Overview Fueled by a dedicated workforce, Ameresco is the premier provider of energy efficiency and renewable technology solutions. From conservation to renewable energy generation, Ameresco employees have developed and implemented over $5 Billion in energy savings solutions that help our customers utilize clean and sustainable resources. Ameresco is seeking a Junior Full Stack Developer with familiarity in each layer, if not mastery in many and a genuine interest in all software technology. This includes: Server, Network, and Hosting Environment; Data Modeling; Business Logic; API layer / Action Layer / MVC; User Interface; User Experience; Understanding what the customer and the business need. Responsibilities Writing production ready PHP/ Python/JavaScript code, which is easy to deploy and support, covered by tests and documentation, easy to integrate with other services; Writing and testing effective MySQL / PostgreSQL data manage/store algorithms; Working with other developers to launch and deploy new services, being product-oriented and understanding that the ultimate goal is to produce a great product; In case of service failure or loss of functionality helping the Operations team in restoring services, locating the problem and preventing failures in the future. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: BS Degree or equivalent. Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of development in one of PHP/Python/JavaScript; Knowledge of usage databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL; Knowledge of the GIT version control systems. Interested individuals are encouraged to respond directly to AMERESCO: please submit your resume and compensation requirements directly via: http://careers.ameresco.com for immediate and confidential consideration. An award-winning industry leader, AMERESCO challenges the brightest, most talented and creative individuals in the industry by providing an environment that embraces initiative, diversity, and achievement along with comprehensive rewards, including people-oriented insurance, investment, and incentive plans. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/Women/Minorities/Veteran/Disability"
9081,Full Stack Developer,Junior Web Developer,"We are searching for an outstanding, self-motivated junior web developer to be responsible for developing innovative, reusable Web-based tools on a LAMP stack in WordPress, javascript and jQuery. The Junior Web Developer will apply their expertise in web programming and writing clean, efficient and semantic code. They will provide technical solutions for engaging digital campaigns and streamline production tasks, such as managing and publishing digital content. The Junior Web Developer will also assist in the production and maintenance of web pages, email campaigns and web applications, and act as the technical lead for a variety of marketing projects that take place throughout the school year. This is a full-time, year round, benefited position. Working Monday – Friday, 9:00am – 6:00pm (or agreed upon schedule with Director). Start Date: ASAP To learn more about Harker, please visit our website at http://www.harker.org What we are looking for Bachelor’s degree or 1-4 years of relevant education. Experience with web tooling and automation (e.g. Git, Grunt, Gulp, NPM, Bower, etc.) At least 2 years of relevant experience building websites and/or web applications. Proficient with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and a server-side language such as PHP, Python or Ruby. Working knowledge of WordPress theme and/or plugin development. Your LinkedIn Profile URL and an online portfolio of your work Essential Duties and Responsibilities WEB DEVELOPMENT/PROGRAMMING Create user interfaces from provided design concepts using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Install, configure, troubleshoot and maintain WordPress installations. Build custom plugins and themes as needed. Integrate open-source plugins, libraries and tools into projects. Apply the latest web development trends and standards to create web pages, emails and web applications that are widely accessible, user-friendly, secure and easily maintainable. Identify development problems and offer solutions within a team setting. Provide technical solutions that streamline and/or automate production tasks when possible. Participate in the full lifecycle of a website, from the initial planning stages to launch and maintenance. Openly communicate regular status changes during projects. GENERAL CONTENT MANAGEMENT Gather, produce, proof and publish web content through The Harker School marketing channels (emails, web) on a daily basis. Perform routine site maintenance and updates, as needed. Use, collect and analyze data provided by web analytics software (Google Analytics, CrazyEgg, Optimizely, etc.) _All personnel in Harker’s Office of Communication must have the following:_ Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. Work well under pressure in a deadline-sensitive, multi-task environment. Possess the time-management and organizational skills necessary to meet deadlines, manage own workflow, and maintain an orderly workspace. Contribute to a productive, supportive, positive and dynamic work environment in the department. Be professional in dress and demeanor to best represent the school. Have the desire to work with and around exceptional students and faculty in a stimulating academic environment, for a school with a growing national reputation. Possess a strong work ethic. Exercise discretion and prudent judgment in the handling of confidential or sensitive information. _Understand and enthusiastically support the mission of the school and the department._ _Know, understand and follow all school policies._ _Know and understand the key role that the Office of Communication plays in keeping parents, students, staff, prospective families and the general community informed about The Harker School and its activities and programs._ Knowledge, Skill & Ability Requirements Ability to communicate in effective English with staff, outside firms, etc. in person and by telephone. Ability to sit for extended period of times; able to reach overhead, above the shoulders and horizontally, bending at the waist and kneeling or crouching to retrieve files from cabinets and shelves. Ability to hear individuals, groups, telephone and intercom communications, public address announcements, emergency signals, etc. Possess valid California driver’s license and working automobile. Ability to move around and between three campuses and other job sites. Ability to work evenings and weekends, when needed. Working Conditions Ability to see and read computer screen and various documents related to assigned activities. Must have sufficient manual dexterity to be able to operate all office equipment including but not limited to computers, fax machines, copy machines, modems and telephones. Able to lift up to 20 pounds occasionally and up to 10 often. Our Mission: Our mission is to educate students for success at college and beyond, and to foster kindness, respect and integrity within a safe and nurturing environment. We achieve academic excellence through the development of intellectual curiosity, personal accountability and love of learning. Our comprehensive program and exceptional faculty and staff help students discover, develop and enjoy their unique talents. We honor individuality, embrace diversity, and promote leadership and service, preparing students to take their place as global citizens."
9227,Information Security Analyst,Junior Security & Strategy Analyst,"Copart is looking for a Junior Security & Strategy Analyst for our Copart offices located in Dallas, TX for our growing Information Security Team. This position will be reporting to the Director of Information Security and to assist in defining the future vision for the team, its execution and reporting. The position requires an interest in technology, leadership, and strategy, with a focus on information security. This position will assist in duties including, but not limited to, the following: Staying aware of the latest security threats, assessing impact, and suggesting solutions in addressing the emerging risks Designing, implementing, and enhancing the Copart Information Security program Partnering across a variety of different teams to assess vulnerabilities, and conduct security reviews Assess organizational cyber risk through industry standard frameworks Articulating security strategy to a broad audience, to include creation of presentations, company newsletters Other duties as assigned Must have a degree in Business, Technology or related field Ability to manage/prioritize projects and tasks In-depth knowledge of diverse and emerging technology concepts, strategies, and methodologies A customer-centric approach while applying higher-level business objectives Critical thinking and problem-solving abilities to drive technical, process, and people orientated solutions across the enterprise Ability to tell a story in a compelling and digitally forward-thinking way Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled"
9320,Information Security Analyst,Junior Security Assessment Analyst,"About Berkeley The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world’s most iconic teaching and research institutions. Since 1868, Berkeley has fueled a perpetual renaissance, generating unparalleled intellectual, economic and social value in California, the United States and the world. Berkeley’s culture of openness, freedom and acceptance—academic and artistic, political and cultural—make it a very special place for students, faculty and staff. Berkeley is committed to hiring and developing staff who want to work in a high performing culture that supports the outstanding work of our faculty and students. In deciding whether to apply for a staff position at Berkeley, candidates are strongly encouraged to consider the alignment of the Berkeley Workplace Culture with their potential for success at http://jobs.berkeley.edu/why-berkeley.html. Application Review Date The First Review Date for this job is: 8/2/2018 Departmental Overview Information Security and Policy (ISP) provides policy and security oversight for institutional information and campus IT resources, providing a structured approach to information risk management for the campus. The position involves assessing the security of data and systems as the primary responsibility of the position. The role plans, designs, develops, implements and maintains assessment program to insure the integrity, reliability and security of data and systems. Responsibilities Applies professional IT security concepts and established procedures to select appropriate response to IT security incidents or assessment requests Uses professional concepts to assess security controls to prevent hackers from infiltrating campus information or jeopardizing web-based programs for the campus. Researches and analyzes security of systems, applications or processes and reports findings to higher level IT Security Analysts. Under general supervision, maintains security assessment systems and programs. Required Qualifications Knowledge of systems of IT security function. Knowledge of industry information security, and regulatory requirements Knowledge relating to the design of security programs. Knowledge of other areas of IT. Knowledge of department processes and procedures or ability to learn. Good interpersonal skills in order to work with both technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization. Good verbal and written communication skills. Good organization skills Bachelors degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training Salary & Benefits For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit: http://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html How to Apply Please submit your cover letter and resume as a single attachment when applying. Conviction History Background This is a designated position requiring fingerprinting and a background check due to the nature of the job responsibilities. Berkeley does hire people with conviction histories and reviews information received in the context of the job responsibilities. The University reserves the right to make employment contingent upon successful completion of the background check. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. For more information about your rights as an applicant see: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct"
9417,Information Security Analyst,Junior Systems Security Analyst,"The Junior Systems Security Analyst will maintain and help support the firm’s security program and solution efforts as well as perform network and host threat assessments to identify, evaluate and mitigate security risks, threats and vulnerabilities. The Junior Systems Security Analyst will work with the IT Team and other Business Units to develop action plans to mitigate identified vulnerabilities and promote security initiatives. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Configuration and administration of security systems and tools Proactive research to identify and understand new threats, vulnerabilities, and exploits Perform security scans of the network devices and systems Analyze logs to improve system and network performance, isolate and detect failures, and identify security vulnerabilities or malicious activity Respond to security incidents and report on incident handling and resolution Manage documentation of information security policies, procedures, processes and diagrams Assists with the enforcement of security policies and procedures by monitoring system activity Reviews security violation reports and investigates possible security exceptions, updates, and maintains and documents security controls Reviews Windows and Unix security data to ensure that access is appropriate and properly identified with an actual user After hours changes or on call support may be required Report to the IT Security Manager 15% Travel MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field At least two years’ experience in security Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Project, Excel, Access and Visio Strong understanding of systems including but not limited to Windows, Linux and Virtualization technologies. Working knowledge of network switches, routers and firewalls Working knowledge of IPS/IDS Working knowledge of tools such as PowerShell, Nessus, KALI, SECONION, etc. Ability to work as part of a team Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship now and in the future The rewards for this position are many. We offer a great working environment that provides for work/life balance and an excellent compensation and benefits package, including tuition reimbursement. Kelmar provides training and the opportunity for career advancement. Apply now to join our growing team. _Kelmar Associates is an equal opportunity employer_"
9557,Network Architect,SAP Busimess Support Junior Associate - Chicago,"The individual provides ongoing support of SAP, Handheld and related processes in the branch network primarily through remote support. The individual will be expected to address ServiceNow tickets, support any production issues or fixes and ongoing project support and implementation. 1) SAP Business Support Associate maintains and enhances existing SAP solutions including, but not limited to: Collaborating with appropriate business units, production support team members, and develop-ers on requirements gathering, solution design, and creation of production support specifica-tions Facilitating and/or participating in functional and technical solution reviews with management, developers, architects, and infrastructure (Basis) representatives Configuring solutions where applicable Creating and executing appropriate test cases and ensuring the integrity of the solution prior to business unit and user acceptance testing • Working with the business to resolve solution defects that are identified • Communicating the final solution to the business and coordinating the implementation of the solution to the production environment • Updating system documentation • Collaborate with other functional, team leads, managers, and business representatives to deter-mine schedules and project timeframes. 2) Data maintenance and conversion as required for SAP as it relates to : a. Customer data b. Contract data c. Equipment d. Open A/R & Credits data 3) With their knowledge of SAP provides support for business units to enable them to utilize the functionality of SAP to further support the business. while supporting any associated ongoing training related to those processes. 4) Provides training and development tools to ensure all training material is kept current and updated with any current or subsequent SAP system upgrades or enhancements 5) Delivers hands-on training to members of a business unit on the functionality and reporting capabilities of SAP. At times may be called upon to create schedules for training delivery. Position Requirements: • Must have university/college education or equivalent experience Minimum 3 years in a customer service business to business capacity Experience with data conversion and maintenance in SAP Some understanding of training materials, training environment (system), and Business Units Keeps current on business processes and SAP functionality to ensure system optimization. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class."
9970,Network Architect,Network Engineer Jr,"Network Engineer SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS: Candidates mush have a Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Experience: Network Engineer with 5+ yrs experience in large scale corporate Networking environment This resource will be a Level 2/3 Networking Engineer with capabilities in Network Engineering and some Architecture Technical Skill Set: Route/Switch experience with Juniper or Cisco hardware (More emphasis on Juniper than Cisco, but either is fine as long as they are willing to learn) L2 and L3 Network Implementation Required to know OSPF for routing, must know spanning tree for switch Work Environment on Client Site: Able to follow a strict change control process – client environment is tightly controlled Working with Project Managers – key resource to design/architect and deploy complex multi-site network projects Must be able to communicate technical and project details with others concisely and effectively Personal Requirements: Must be able to pass a background check to be eligible to work at client site. Must be a US Citizen Solid understanding of network design and implementation in enterprise and ecommerce environments Comprehension of networking concepts including network design principles, data flow determination, routing, switching, VLANs, IP addressing, spanning-tree, etc. Solid understanding of network utility services including TFTP, FTP, DNS, DHCP, NTP, SMTP, SYSLOG, etc. Familiarity with network scanning/analysis procedures and toolsets for network readiness assessments Understanding of advanced networking technologies and solutions including IPV6, MPLS, BGP, HSRP, OSPF, multicast, policy-based routing, ether-channel, QoS, traffic-shaping, load balancing, VPN tunnels, WAN Optimization, etc. Understanding of advanced data center networking technologies and solutions including Nexus 7000 series data center switches, catalyst 6500 series switches, ACE and Firewall Services Modules, , ASR WAN routers, GSS, MDS Storage integration, collocation facility integration, DR integration, etc. Demonstrated performance in a large-scale enterprise technical work environment with minimum of 5 years of direct industry experience as described above Experience with enterprise class network management/monitoring systems is a plus (CiscoWorks, Opsware, SMARTs, Client Openview, CA eHealth, etc.) Experience with performance management tools and services (OpNet, Compuware, NETMRI, WAAS, WCCP, NetMRI, etc.) is a plus Experience working on an operations environment EDUCATION: A Bachelor's Degree is preferred. Candidates should have a desire to gain technical skills through advanced certifications or other similar achievements. CCNA required. Cloud experience a plus (AWS / Azure) Start date ASAP - signed project Term of engagement/how long is the need?: 6 Months The travel costs associated with the project (flights/hotels/expenses) will be covered by Insight; Resource time when not delivering is not considered billable hours (flight time to/from delivery location, drive time to/from delivery location, non-delivery hours (meals and off hours). Please contact us with questions regarding this policy. RESOURCE MUST BE LOCAL TO THE PHOENIX, AZ AREA (Deployment in the Deer Valley area) Work Days/hours/ max hours per week: Regular business hours, Mon-Fri Night work: possibly Weekend work (yes and frequency, or no): Possibly OT eligible? No"
